0	Tampa is full of rednecks
0	Waiting for the civil war before and after review... Guess this is okay for killing time...
0	Do a Zootopia!!!
0	Poor trigger discipline in the thumbnail.
0	to nwa movie
0	Can you do the Visit?
0	plus one Cinema Sins sin for calling some GM SUV a Jeep.
0	TIMESTAMP Why are you sining it then? Isn't this what you've always wanted?
0	This was a good film.
0	CinemaSins, please help make YouTube great again by joining GradeA on his mission to stop all the bullshit that's happening on youtube. #MakeYouTubeGreatAgain
0	You should've sinned them for hanging up the x-rays wrong in the morgue scene in the remake.
0	Can you do the new Jungle book?
0	Just came to say FUCK YOU CINEMA SINS HACKS
0	USERNAME Davids Okay, and you have a good day too.
0	why
0	do big fat liar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Every thing wrong with krampus
0	Hey, Tampa is not nearly as bad as a lot of other cities.
0	Next up: Everything Wrong With...Punisher: War Zone!
0	EWW Seed of chunky
0	You guys should do one on the original Predator: a movie so big it needed 2 governors.
0	Deadpool comes out Tuesday. Please do that next!
0	USERNAME I think the first ever Gay in your face super hero is going to bomb.
0	this shit is funny
0	Please do cyberbully
0	Deadpool of course. Even though the movie is awesome :)
0	USERNAME Radovanovic Hardly anybody is accepting a Gay super hero.
0	Do the oceans movies!
0	Hi all can you please subscribe to my channel please?
0	Do the movie the 5th wave or Jack the gaint slayer
0	"(I'm not intending to get shameless likes here I just want CinemaSins to notice this request) Could you do a everything wrong with ""I Am Legend"" Like so CinemaSins will see this"
0	This movie wasn't the best but it had its moments. But that movie's got nothing on Punisher from DD season two. That's the MFing Punisher!
0	the sin counter man
0	Still better than Force Awakens
0	USERNAME Edgelord alert.
0	"Lmao your ""Oooookay and SEE"" 😂😂"
0	can you do everything wrong with the 5th wave
0	It's little Marcus Johns!
0	Passport was capitalized
0	Disliked bc of ads
0	do the hateful eight
0	do the hateful eight
0	Is the Ivan Drago one worth it or no?
0	wait the gang is actually called the Saints? why doesn't the punisher end up fighting Johnny Gat then?
0	What about Pleasantville?
0	Do rise of the guardians pleaseeeeeeeee
0	Your wrong buenos Aires is the capital of Uruguay
0	@TIMESTAMP he tells you how long it has been since his family was killed. (5 months) There you go, he answered your beard question @TIMESTAMP
0	Civil war!
0	Everything wrong with... ...every Nollywood ever.
0	DO DEADPOOL!!!!!!!
0	Nitpicking...
0	USERNAME That is LITERALLY the purpose of this channel.
0	please do Z for Zachariah!!!!
0	You should do the Dolph Lundgren version.
0	It's still the best punisher movie
0	so theres this guy whose been stalking around my ass. knocked on it. i was sleeping so idk how long he was here before the douchebag woke me up. idk who he is. who he works for. but he got till this video to leave my fucking property or im gonna go bust a fuckin .45 in his head as soon as i open my door.. then probably buried his ass in the words. most of you think this is a joke. the guy about mid age 40s late 30s maybe. drives a gold chevy malibue 2003,2004 model. grand father own one. so yeah. gonna go put this douche bag in the ground for 1 stalking my house, 2. for waking me up. 3. for stalking my shit.
0	USERNAME the SMall Bong thorton from india sorry for bad grammar. litterly just woke up.
0	"Wow, after ""Laundry Day"", I'd forgotten just how slow and boring this movie was. I still liked Jane in the role, but wow, he just had nothing to work with here."
0	Matt of TheSw1tcher would HATE this so much XD.
0	I like the first Punisher. Thomas Jane did a good job.
0	Eww Unfriended
0	I lose it. Every fucking time I see Frank getting blasted off the pier with his hands and feet splayed out all the way back I lose my fucking shit. Oh man.
0	Are you gonna do The Revenant?
0	I want zootopia next plz.
0	Fat people is identified as a racism? I'm confused by this.
0	I think fat Italian who eat spaghetti might be racist.
0	can you do an everything wrong with flubber a Robin Williams movie from 1997 I feel like you'd have fun with that one
0	USERNAME smith While you're at it, please do half of the Eddie Murphy movies too.
0	hold on...they actually rolled the credits...that should have been a sin off for listening!
0	please do team amurica: world police! I dare you
0	This is the worst Marvel movie ... They should remake it
0	Don't forget about daredevil
0	USERNAME Martin This movie wasn't bad. Now watching Electra is another way of committing suicide
0	TIMESTAMP lol Yeah fucking right. Enjoy your wife and son getting raped my Muslims.
0	What an unbelievably shitty movie. I have to go bleach my eyes just from watching this video.
0	"Do ""the fifth wave"""
0	Everything Wrong With Liar Liar!
0	"This movie adapted some elements from the ""Welcome Back, Frank"" storyline. Honestly it's not that bad of a movie and majority of these complaints are over blown."
0	you must be new to CinemaSins
0	Hi, CinemaSins. You must do Titanic 2, it's the most shitty movie you'll ever see. It's a shame and pure bullshit, any movie can beat it: bad storyline, bad performance from the actors, special effects made by Paint, same extras all the time... I promise you that you're going to laugh really hard because of how bad this movie is and that you're going to catch lots of sins. Oh, and can you do Unfriended and Deadpool, too? Thank you very much.
0	Everything wrong with The Raid, and The Raid 2
0	hey the last sin was undeserved you should have removed a sin for that for actually go with your words for once :D
0	Please do paranormal activity the marked ones
0	TIMESTAMP - One sin for you, ripping off The Simpsons!
0	One batch, two batch, penny and dime.
0	He parked in the handicap spot to implicate John travolta's wife in cheating on him.
0	Sin Eragon film. It's sooooo bad
0	DO UNFRIENDED ALREADY
0	Please do the 2010 Alice in Wonderland before Alice and the Looking Glass came out!
0	Do everything wrong with dead pool
0	USERNAME It would take too long.
0	I had to wait a week to watch this, as my internet plan had run out, but now that I've seen it, there are a lot of obvious sins in there that I'm surprised CinemaSins didn't mention. Like, what about the guy who kept shooting Frank in his kevlar covered chest at point blank, instead of his exposed arms OR HEAD!? Not to mention all the editing and continuity fails that stood out like a sore thumb, though to be fair, they did mention one of them.
0	Wait...was that really Tom Jane in arrested development?
0	Idgaf it was a great movie
0	first wives club? how long you've been thinking about that movie 😉
0	Do Crimson Peak
0	I was going to watch this on Netflix but now I don't have to thanks
0	Do Deadpool! And also are you guys ever going back on Movie Fights?
0	Fuck you ! This movie was amazing !!
0	They did kind of establish the importance of the people in the building feeling for frank in that they are all squatters watching out for each other. Kind of a fraternity of the near-homeless and downtrodden.
0	When stabbing Quentin to death Howard's knife has no blood on it.
0	"Do ""End of Days"" 1999"
0	"When John Travolta said ""you killed my son"" I immediately thought of Inigo Montoya when he said ""Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya, you killed my father prepare to due"""
0	I really liked this movie then I was a kid
0	I actually love this movie and Thomas Jane was the best Punisher so that was a hard video to watch.
0	NOw do Punisher War Zone! Hell yah!
0	TAMPA!!!!!
0	So weird, I just watched this movie days before you uploaded this video on it, and I thought to myself..wouldn't it be interesting if CinemaSins did a video on this movie. It's like you read my mind.
0	Old American muscle is so easy to mod, anyone can do it with a decent set of tools. Don't add the sin.
0	"I lost it when he said ""SEE!""."
0	Biggest sin of all in movie was using the outhouse/toilet house on Honeymoon island in Dunedin ,Fl as his family home where they were killed. If you actually knew real facts about how they made the movie the video would be funny. By the way Tampa Bay is a great place to live and a number of movies have been made here ex Ocean 12, Magic Mike........
0	everything wrong with Batman vs Superman
0	There's 3 Punisher films.
0	"Ok. I have an idea for this channel. He should put the definitions of ""sarcasm"", ""satire"", and ""joke"" before each video. Ive seen some dumb people on YouTube before but omg why do the dumbest of the dumb have to flock to this damn channel. Just complete fucking retards who missed the point worse than Scott norwood. SARCASM SATIRE JOKE If your having a hard time wrapping your non existent minds around his HUMOR those words again are SARCASM SATIRE JOKE Fucking slow ass..god damn they piss me off"
0	Anybody else getting that weird ass TommyJohn ad??
0	The russian fight scene has a million sins alone; they were too nice about it. The grenade baseball swing is also worth several by itself. Bad enough to be good.
0	I really like this movie
0	"Everything wrong with ""Robots""(2005)"
0	everything wrong with scott pilgrim or Chinatown?
0	welp, Frank Castle has nothing to do with the tv show Castle
0	do the millers pleaseeeee
0	TIMESTAMP sin 97, he parked there TO GET a ticket. I know the movie has tons of mistakes/plot holes, but that was definitely not one of them.
0	i like this movie i know hes just picking on the movie but it still annoyed me. i also still watched it. why idk.
0	Dunno if it's Shazam or my phone itself, but I can't get a handle on the song at TIMESTAMP.
0	EVERYTHING WRONG WITH FINAL DESTINATION. That should keep you busy for a while.
0	Do the X-Files movies
0	I live in Tampa. :|
0	some of your sins are just bull shit
0	"""they are actually rolling credits, Excellent"""
0	"Not sure if someone already mentioned this but I think I found a sin in Cpt America: Civil War After Zemo brainwashed Bucky and Steve and Sam captured him, Bucky asked ""What did I do?"" Implying that he doesn't remember what happens when he is brainwashed. When Tony asks does he even remember killing Tony's parents, he says he remembers every single one of them. I guess it could be that he was just a bit grodgy after just gaining consciousness and asked Steve what happened but that's what I found ^_^"
0	this man has taken ALLL of the drugs lmao
0	I honestly liked this movie
0	The Russian is supposed to be highly invulnerable to pain and damage, hence why he's okay with getting stabbed. That being said, it's extremely dumb that hot water and stairs kill him.
0	TIMESTAMP uhh, he's checking if he's breathing. the medic or whatever puts his ear over the guys mouth to hear if he's breathing while looking at his chest to see whether its rising or not. they teach this in life saving courses. so, sin on you cinema sins DING.
0	I'm not sure, but Frank and his neighbors may have been squating. That would account for the fact that there didn't seem to be anyone else living there, and why Frank got away with doing all that damage and making all that noise
0	Passport was capitalized .
0	USERNAME Guerra He meant the word passport shouldn't be capitalized normally.
0	Ey, Fuck you, Big Trouble was good!
0	Rebecca Romijn is hotter than hell, even without make-up like in this movie.
0	"USERNAME Channel Not like ""not having make-up"" makes it surprising for anyone to be hot. Attractive is attractive, made-up, dressed-up, or neither."
0	Please do Raiders of the Lost Ark!
0	Can you do the Day of the Doctor next?
0	FUNNY AS FUCK .
0	do Disney's Bolt
0	yup, actually a hotter version of his wife.
0	Am I the only one who liked this movie?
0	WoW what a coincidence I just watched the pun isher like literally not an hour ago.
0	Nothing wrong with this Punisher. Great film. Wish they made another with Thomas Jane
0	You can't call this great... Good action, but not much else
0	For real
0	That's your opinion, but I think it's great.
0	USERNAME I was agreeing with you dude
0	Little Rascals would be fun to see next.
0	I've watched your videos late at night so frequently that Jeremy's voice triggers sleep for me.
0	Can't wait for the new movie based off the Punisher off daredevil.
0	bitch where😂
0	USERNAME Pearce we are getting a series, not a movie, it has been confirmed.
0	I wan't a MOVIE NOW!
0	There is a lot of my favorite character actors in this: Rebecca Romijn, Eddie Jemison, John Pinette, Ben Foster, the guy who played Quentin; I had no idea. Also, I can't believe BayNews9 actually was featured in a movie. I mean, it makes sense, it is the most popular news channel in the bay area, but it is just kind of surreal to see it.
0	Actually Buenos Aires is a city in Brazil
0	Hey Cinema Sins,I just got back from watching Captain America:Civil War and even though I was to busy with the complete and total awesome that was the movie I would like you to count the sins from that.(If you can).
0	I really liked this movie.
0	Bueno aíres is a real place maybe you should check a little bit more before you actually make a comment
0	"Man I cannot wait for ""Everything Wrong With Captain America Civil War"""
0	That is how you take a pulse. Two fingers on pulse and ear close to the mouth , eyes on chest so you can see if the chest rises.
0	Fag boys... Your asperger review is shit, please die.
0	Everything wrong with The Punisher in 2 words or less... Ready? The... movie....
0	Try the Trueman show
0	This was a good movie. How was the sequel?
0	terrible it's didn't have the same actor
0	TIMESTAMP He is seeing if his chest is rising up an down for breathing. Look, listen, feel it's ABCs (airway,breathing,circulation) BLS (basic life support) 😂
0	C'mon man Everything Wrong with The Warriors . Love that movie man!! Classic!!
0	I dare you to do Vampires Kiss.
0	isn't that guy who got the boss's son killed in izombie?
0	USERNAME Townsend Yes. That's Eddie Jemison, who was in the OCEAN'S ELEVEN movies, too.
0	"Define ""Sin"""
0	I find this difficult to fap to.
0	Hey! When Now You See Me 2 will be in theaters (ugh), you could sin Ocean's Eleven...even if this movie is perfect.
0	Do 'Dumb and Dumber' !!
0	I saw John Wick (Keanu Reeves) recently and it's awesome. Sin it!
0	He's not Bumpo, he's fluffy.
0	john pinette. i thought he was a good stand up comic. Unfortunately he passed away
0	Now sin NAPOLEON DYNAMITE please.
0	yes he must do this
0	Awesome reference to Miami Vice there. It was classic!
0	i love this movie :)
0	Who is super hyped for the Punisher series! Jon Bernthal is leagues better than any other Punisher, has the crazy and emotional and brutal sides of Frank Castle.
0	ayyyy I'm watching this right now on IFC
0	In Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you. FINALLY, I get to say that.
0	"do ""Everything wrong with The Interview"" (I love dat movie)"
0	they should do cinema sins of porn videos
0	Buenos Aires is not a place? well where the fuck i've been living all my life then?
0	Pause at TIMESTAMP the shotgun blast makes a smiley face
0	You should give yourself 50 sins for not caring that John Pinette is in this movie.
0	do whiplash
0	I'm watching this movie now on channel IFC yet one day ago this video was uploaded. Extremely convenient.
0	Am I the only one who really liked this movie?
0	it's a movie , fuck logic.
0	I LOVE THE MOVIE STOP
0	"Because of the big resurrection of the legendary game ""DOOM"" can you do the ""DOOM (2005)"" movie?"
0	Punisher's my favorite comic character and that movie was a pile of shit with shit sprinkles on top...
0	Movie is the worstttt. The old school Punisher from the 80s with Lundren is even better than this. Thank God weve got the new one coming with John Bernthal so this character is finally done some justice. A Popsicle torture interrogation? cmon dude what in the fuck?
0	The Popsicle torture scene was actually in the comics though
0	Tampa isn't that bad lol.
0	That's actually how you check for vitals, feeling for pulse and listening for breathing... so not really a sin
0	that seen with the popsicles was actual in the comics dumbass
0	Russian where's waldo hahahahahahah!!!!!!
0	TIMESTAMP Hey! Hey! HEY! I've lived in Tampa most of my life and while it is hotter than Hell down here, it's not as bad a place as you make it out to be. I personally love this movie even though I'm more than willing to admit it's faults. I knew watching this video was going to get me riled up but I just had to see what you guys were going to say about it. I hope you guys give Warzone Hell as well cause that movie was freaking TERRIBLE!
0	Chevy blazer, not a Jeep
0	"""BUENOS ARIES"" ... SHAME OF YOU !!! .. LOL"
0	You should do eww ted
0	Do one for up
0	So why don't we add a sin for ever person who lives in Tampa
0	162 - 1
0	everything wrong with the sorcerer apprentice
0	please do. the justice league vs the teen titans.
0	worst movie ever!!
0	You should do Mean Girls! I wanna see you do that!
0	Since they DID actually roll credits, shouldn't you have taken a sin off?
0	How about Creed.
0	Wait, they made a punisher movie? When did this come out?!
0	2004
0	USERNAME Orrell lol
0	A LONG time ago. There's even a Punisher 2.
0	"You got ""roll credits"" blocked. That's gonna hurt..."
0	I liked this movie!
0	Do Pixar's Cars
0	just ruin all the movies I like.
0	so basically this is mad max with less cars.
0	Everything wrong with Catwoman.
0	Buenos Aires is a place, it's the Capitol of Argentina
0	But the movie mispelled it, saying Buenos Aries.
0	"""Are they trying to tell me he murdered the truck?"" ok, i admit that was a good line.............and i take back those points for ""The fast and punisherious."".........you should be ashamed."
0	"You should sin a movie in 2012 called ""Food Fight!"" it has really bad animation and jokes and stuff."
0	JonTron basically took care of that.
0	USERNAME hi
0	Sin back to the future 3
0	do boondock saints
0	alot of the sins on this movie are explained by the story or are part of the point. personally i wish this had been part of the mcu.... & its still the best punisher so far.
0	If no movie is without a sin what about unfriended seems like nothing went wrong with it
0	TIMESTAMP That sounds familiar.
0	"Thomas Jane really deserves a good movie for one of these days, though ""Give em hell Malone"" wasn't too bad."
0	USERNAME He's got a decent tv series in The Expanse.
0	I loved this punisher, I thought warzone was a violence fest.
0	I thought there were 3 Punisher movies
0	USERNAME johnson he gonna have to review the first one with Dolph as punishment
0	Tampa isn't a sentence
0	USERNAME Palma hi
0	I just want my kids back!
0	Do pokemon: Mewtwo strikes back! im watching it now and im seeing sins left and right
0	i found flaws with some of your sins. most of them are based out of comics and are explained. but i do agree with most.
0	if anti subs to this account, I will sub to them with two of mine
0	please sin the Waterboy
0	You should do one on the Boondock Saints movies
0	Do an 8 miles video
0	Hey you sinned them when they actually rolled credits on cue, that's a sin for you sir!
0	Some more nitpicks from someone living in Tampa. First, there are no gangs in Tampa, the mob left when the cigar industry collapsed. Next, yes, we have a weak-ass skyline, the highest building is less than 50 stories tall. Finally, the only shipyard in Tampa is next to the downtown, on the highway, and about the size of a football field. If there was shooting it would go wayyy worse than the movie. Also, I get its a movie, just some nitpicks.
0	Oh, also that bank he robs is the Bank of America building, the biggest and most secure building. Plus, it's three blocks away from the police HQ.
0	This is the most stupid critique of a movie I have seen in a long time.
0	"""SEE!"" Oh my stomach lol"
0	I am giving Cinema Sins a Sin for not pointing out that the Giant Russian is actually Kevin Nash.
0	For the love of god and all that is holy...Zoolander 2!
0	Maybe its just because there isnt a better punisher movie but I love this movie.
0	Daredevil on Netflix did a way better job of portraying the Punisher.
0	What?
0	"USERNAME andrzejkiewicz He said ""Daredevil on Netflix did a way better job of portraying the Punisher."" Hope that cleared any confusion."
0	USERNAME for real. The cinema sins comments section makes me hate humans
0	they definitely got a more emotional portrayal but thomas jane i believe was good punisher just the screenwriters didnt give him enough to really work with
0	Isn't Buenos Aries a major city in Argentina?
0	Buenos Aires is a place. The joke is a zodiac reference.
0	USERNAME White whoops even I miss spelled it
0	USERNAME Express That's Buenos Aires ;)
0	You also misspelled another word, but that's okay.
0	USERNAME White ummm you went full retard... never go full retard
0	Full retard? You typed the word misspelled as miss spelled. I thought it was kind of funny.
0	do the 5th wave plz
0	Checking pulse while checking for breathing. Standard first aid.
0	Aw, come on! The Punisher wasn't that bad! Well, at least not this one. Though I assume that this movie is almost unwatchable to fans of the Punisher comics (which I haven't read at all).
0	Not really. It's really good for both fans and for people that want to become fans
0	USERNAME Huh, color me surprised.
0	"Well, I remember seeing this movie when I was 12 just thinking ""man, this movie is awful"" so, judging by the reviews, I can tell that a lot of people hated it lol"
0	I actually added 3 more sins because of the voice of the narrater(cinema sins)
0	"There muust be-""Everything wrong with The Interstella 5555"" Please!"
0	They ruined the character with this movie. The Dolph Lundgren version is way better.
0	"""At least four previous countries of residence"" Two of those are states in the US, so that's a total of three countries. Pretty silly mistake for a video that's dedicated to pointing out mistakes."
0	Hey man.....I am FROM TAMPA.....why all the TAMPA HATE?
0	Holy crap, where can one begin: First, let's start with traffic on the following streets: Dale Mabry, Hillsborough, Busch Blvd., I-275, I-4, etc. Next, how about the following areas: Ybor City, College Hill, Suitcase City, USF area, Carrollwood, etc. How about them Bucs? Every Tampa mayor for the last 20USERNAME years. The massive potholes, and poorly-maintained brick paved streets. The almost 20 years of construction work on I-275, I-4, malfunction junction, Tampa International Airport area, etc. Shall I continue...?
0	TIMESTAMP Jeremy laughs at his own humorous observation. * ding *
0	please do Deadpool
0	Actually, the popsicle torture was pulled right out of the comics... Then again, the books (or comics in this case) don't matter.
0	Forgot john pinette was in this movie
0	Say what you want about the film but the fight between castle and the Russian is one of the most badass fights ever in film
0	This reminds me of a MONUMENTALLY bullshit movie that would have millions of sins - Shoot Em Up!CinemaSins should totally make a video
0	"Some of the sins on this one were actually realistic, and showing depth. Pardon if I'm all over the place on sins, going off memory. The lack of blood on bodies recently shot isn't that uncommon unless the resulting wound is highly traumatic immediately interrupting large blood vessels with exposure to the outside of the body. Frank's history is a Force Recon Marine, trained in Close Quarters Battle with a variety of small arms. Even the newest graduate of SOTG CQB could make those shots in the lobby, dominant or weak hand with stock M9's much less compensated Colt .45's Wearing all that gear to the final battle scene isn't practical in any civilian vehicle. That's not a law enforcement ballistic vest, it's military spec with ceramic plates. Those vests are more cumbersome and very stiff in comparison. Imagine putting on a Hockey Goalie vest without the sleeves and then driving your car in a major city in Florida. Plus it wouldn't be exactly incognito should you pass anyone. Okay I'll give you the 12 guage fly back of the body sin, a target is more ragdollish due to physics. If the target received that amount of energy, so would the source of the energy. It's a movie. Asking if she knew his family was more an implied ""you have no frame of reference of how I feel and I don't want to talk about it."" Ask a heavy combat vet if they ever killed anyone, relate losing someone to old age to them watching their buddy die, or relate your paintball experience to combat for reference. Frank's high tolerance to pain is well documented, and the ability to mentally put aside personal pain, and discomfort is one of many characteristics of an operator in the special operations community. The affect noted by the Russian to ignore pain and trauma is pretty common under the effects of certain drugs. Several insurgent groups use them to the same effect, an insurgent being shot by a squad of people while under the effects of these drugs and still able to continue their aggressive efforts is well documented. Short of a shot hitting the ""magic triangle"" on the hitting the magic triangle, which ragdolls the body by destroying the brain stem, a human under the effects of a combination of various drugs seems to keep on coming until they bleed out enough for the brain to finally lose consciousness prior to death. Any Vet of a modern war would be somewhat familiar with the field improvised ""up armor"" on a vehicle. Although my ability to weld sucks, and you don't want me to touch your engine or even install a stereo. However I know a lot of vets who did all those things as hobbies. Growing up near train tracks, which is stated the villain and his wife met in that neighborhood, you get to know when to expect that annoying train whistle, especially around bed time. It wouldn't be uncommon for combat units to have a warrior's dinner, so I wouldn't consider it in poor taste to have a retirement thing, as long as no one on my side of the combat died. Most of society would, but most of society aren't in combat units or job fields where taking life is a norm to the job. Honestly it's one good way to slightly decompress post combat. Frank, a Recon Marine and a part of law enforcement where fire fights are highly probable, probably wouldn't be put off by the event. I'll give you the sin on Frank's improbable survival of the dock explosion, that close to an explosion accompanied by the fireball would likely result in his lungs burning up like rice paper. Again, movie, we love/hate JJ Abrams for this sort of thing. Not a member of law enforcement but I'm not sure if weapons in a locked case, obviously not involved in the crime would/could be removed from the crime scene of this particular crime without cause. You'd be surprised how many people get very cocky/arrogant and die by pausing to say something stupid/witty instead of just eliminating the threat. The loyalty by the shanty apartment dwellers is reference to them all being damaged and exiles by choice or circumstance. There are some people who are that loyal to those they have commonality, respect, and the desire to earn respect from that they will endure incredible hardship for the select few people they'd call ""friend"". Bumpo seems to embrace his quirks/lifestyle and doesn't find shame in them. He likely wouldn't have issue with his select few real friends commenting on them, and it's done in a manner I wouldn't consider disrespectful coming from a friend. This Punisher and the Daredevil's Punisher are a toss up for the best portrayals of the source character given the various differences of the Punisher mentality in various comics."
0	Here's another sin: I actually like this movie
0	USERNAME hi
0	USERNAME Creep
0	Everything Wrong With This Channel In 14 Minutes Or Less
0	that line is a massive cliche in the comments section for this series ding
0	That's a funny looking Chevy S10 Jeep.
0	Yeah I seen that too! It's like a S15 or something, funny that he called it jeep!
0	Wait, so Thomas Jane and that other dude were in the Punisher and then later on HBO's Hung? haha
0	"-1 sin: For the director choosing to not choreograph and film a sex scene with John Travolta. Apparently when asked, Garth Ennis (writer of the acclaimed MAX story arcs of The Punisher) said he preferred this film to ""Punisher: War Zone"" (with Ray Stevenson as Frank ""The Punisher"" Castle) though adding ""... but that's not saying much"". Personally I haven't read a lot of Punisher comics (except the Punisher and Archie crossover), but I found War Zone to be a better film in terms of entertainment value."
0	"TIMESTAMPs in shotgun pellets...Yes if they are using bird shot but they are probably trying to simulate 00 buckshot pronounced ""double aught"". That is 9, 9mm balls hitting a target at the same time. That is a grain weight of 535 traveling at 1325 fps. While the movie is exaggerated that kind of kinetic energy will knock someone back."
0	Do everything wrong with Kung Fury :)
0	We had to wait until 2016 for a TRUE depiction of the Punisher... At least this movie had one entertaining scene, the one with the Russian, even if it wasn't Punishing enough.
0	DEADPOOL NEXT
0	what about the giant Overkill scene?
0	Everything wrong with CinemaSins in 15 mins or less: Its 16 mins long.
0	"To be fair, if you don't know something, but believe information is the only reason someone's keeping you alive ""I'm not telling you anything"" might be your best move for survival. Granted, you're gonna be tortured then, but you buy time for a potential rescue/escape."
0	Do zootopia next!
0	I hate to see it but I think Deadpool should be exposed next
0	Good thing John Bernthal is Sin proof.
0	your logo matches the video lol
0	Do zootopia next!
0	100000000 sins because furries
0	uh...u have to much free time
0	Maybe you should have taken one off because they actually rolled credits.
0	Roll cred-
0	isnt it saCha baren cohen, not saSha
0	This is BY FAR the worse Punisher movie. Even worse than Dolph Lundgren's. Punisher: War Zone was spot on.
0	this video is 11 years late?
0	awww come on! it wasnt that ba movie...
0	can you do the sins for robin hood men in tights ?
0	do everything wrong with the fifth wave
0	This movie is terrible. That said I still think Thomas Jane is a great Punisher. The best punisher.
0	Ben Foster is always sudden.
0	"Want to save and download this video or any other video from Ytube? Do you Want to convert this video to Mp3 and save it? Just add the word my between the 2 words you and tube in the URL of the video in the address bar in ur browser, then hit the ""Enter"" button. Example: For saving this video Change the URL in the address bar to be: (remove spaces) you My tube . c o m / watch ? v = NQD4n-6Q_q8 This wonderful trick works with ALL Ytube clips"
0	"Want to save and download this video or any other video from Ytube? Do you Want to convert this video to Mp3 and save it? Just add the word my between the 2 words you and tube in the URL of the video in the address bar in ur browser, then hit the ""Enter"" button. Example: For saving this video Change the URL in the address bar to be: (remove spaces) you My tube . c o m / watch ? v = NQD4n-6Q_q8 This wonderful trick works with ALL Ytube clips"
0	You actually got 241 Alts to like this... People like you should really consider suicide
0	USERNAME hahahahahahaha
0	or something that actually works is you download tubemate
0	USERNAME Design hi
0	movie, not so good, but thomas jane made a great punisher
0	I don't get why the movie wasn't more bloody and violent. It was rated R according to IMDB. I liked the movie but I did find the ending weird. The Punisher from the comics would have just shot everyone dead. In this movie, his act of revenge against the Saints was on par with a Bond-Villain in terms of complexity.
0	And The Punisher: Warzone gets off scott free lol
0	please do a cinemasins on Chicago 2002
0	Saving private ryan please
0	Это лучшая версия Карателя из всех!
0	I like this movie but not as the punisher, could of been something else. also phil spencer
0	Objection on sin 2 : Romania, Brasov, we have a Tampa
0	It's pretty incredible that this is somehow only the second worst Punisher movie of the three.
0	Do the nostalgia critic's movie
0	The punisher in daredevil was much better
0	bruh, that movie was the best of its time
0	"Lmfao. ""Roll credi...... They are actually rolling credits, excellent"". That is probably the best I've seen in one of your videos."
0	What? No joke about how in Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you?
0	You need to do more movies that more people know
0	Burns! Con el corazón de perro. Señor Burns! El diablo con dinero.
0	USERNAME Grim hi
0	"""Russian where's Waldo"" made me laugh so hard :D"
0	Huh I live in tampa
0	THE FUCK YOU DOING SINNING A PERFECT MOVIE!!!!!!!!
0	Song at TIMESTAMP?
0	USERNAME The Black Keys - I'll be your Man
0	USERNAME Bongo thanks :)
0	At least the punisher series will most likely be good
0	Now do the punisher war zone
0	Wait.. was that a Pontiac engine in an oldsmobile? lol How was that not sinned?!?
0	and I don't think Thomas Jane was a bad Punisher
0	Ill make you an offer you cant refuse: finally do the godfather.
0	I know people talk a lot of s*** about this movie but everybody was riding its dick when it came out!
0	I have been wondering this...is cinemasins narrator Geoff Ramsey from RT? because they sound familiar lol
0	Do Punisher: War Zone PLEASE
0	I didn't even know this movie existed. Glad I didn't.
0	I call BS on #9 - while his ear was too far from the dude's face: When checking whether someone's dead you not only check their pulse (which you do using two fingers), you also put your ear to their nose and look down their chest to listen/ look for breathing. Declaring someone dead isn't something you want to miss any small indication that you're wrong ;)
0	this was prob one of the early marvel movies that I enjoyed
0	Everything wrong with Alien!
0	Everything wrong with 15 minutes or less it's 16 minutes or more
0	"You missed the whole pointlessness of the Popsicle/blowtorch interrogation scene. The guy hates the Saints and gladly spills all the information he has so that the Punisher will take them out. If he was so willing to give up the Saints why didn't he do it well before being chained up and ""blow torched""?"
0	Please make a minions everything wrong with!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	the dude was a cop. there ya go, i just saved you 14 minutes and 58 seconds of wasted life. youre welcome. oh and Harland Williams was hilarious in this comedy.
0	Liked the movie. Thought we might get a sequel.
0	You're a Dick. It's just a God Damn Movie. If it was real then all that stuff you are picking apart wouldn't be in it and everything would make complete realistic sense. The Punisher is Fucking Awesome and if you don't like The Punisher then your whole family should Die or anyone you ever would consider making a family with you piece of evil criticizing shit.
0	You must be new. Also,why are you getting so upset about this? Is your life really that depressing? Damn dude.
0	"Ok, I've watched 2 mins and 46 seconds of this and most of these ""sins"" are just stupid. I thought this was a good movie."
0	Everything wrong with deadpool
0	i still liked this movie
0	Your videos were better at 4-5 min.
0	Sometimes he doesn't show a clip that would explain one of the sins he questions :|
0	Winter Soldier kills that black iron man. Spiderman kills Winter Soldier. Samuel L. Jackson makes a naked man suck his dick in the snow.
0	"""4 countries of residence"" I forgot that New York and Florida are their own countries."
0	I'm not sure if this film had an r rating but a punisher film needs to be hard r, (see deadpool, killing joke) and you need to get someone like Garth Ennis on it, because I don't care what any one says he writes the punisher the best
0	This Punisher movie was rated R.
0	EVERYTHING WRONG WITH CAPTAIN AMERICA CIVIL WAR
0	punisher warzone is even worst!
0	I can make a video of all this guys mistakes. As for complaining about the torture scene, saying the comic book Punisher would never do that. Came straight out of the comic but hey this used to be good a channel. I give it a try one every so often hoping it will be good again. Sadly... NO
0	My general rule of thumb with Cinema Sins is that the more they like a film the funnier their video is. This video is disconfirming. One of the funniest.
0	The things they bitched about are either accurate to the comics, a cinema homage, or validated in the movie. This movie was dumb, but you bitched about everything that was good or fine.
0	"Aww, you didn't talk about one of the best scenes in the movie, where he uses the bow & arrow, to kill someone. I'm also surprised that you didn't mention how, when he was covered in blood, & ""blown into the water"", how he wasn't eaten by sharks. After all, being in the water, for as long as he was, & being covered in blood, surely would've attracted at least one shark."
0	"If any of you haven't seen ""Dirty Laundry"" with Thomas Jane, DO IT! It's what I think this Punisher movie should have been."
0	Back to the future part 3 sins
0	One fail is Aries birthdays are March 21st to April 19th. March 2oth (which is my birthday) is the last day of Pisces. Check your facts guys.
0	Buenos Aires is not a place? Is that a reference to something, or does this guy actually not know that's the capital of Argentina?
0	it says Buenos aries and not Aires which is why he said it's a club for people who were born between whatever days Aries is
0	USERNAME Oh, OK, the text was too small to read on my screen.
0	cinemaSins you should do the 5th wave review hah its so bad lol !
0	Still the best Punisher until Bernthal.
0	Howard Saint's death deserved a sin removal for stylishness. Also you forgot to sin Frank setting up the fire hydrant and then them reusing the same exact footage of it later in the movie.
0	Hey now Tampa sucks but it's not that bad. ppl from other states come to snow bird here, oh what's that you asked? who?? EVERYONE!!!!
0	That is not MIckey`s car dumb ass the Saint goons picked up Mickey as soon as he got out the police station and by the way there are such a place like Buenos Aires. By the way have you even seen this movie ?
0	Cinema sin USERNAME sins It's a Chevy blazer. No a jeep. Another 50 for not catching that in the movie. Good job
0	Flawed, still my favorite movie.
0	The Popsicle scene is taken directly from the Punisher comics, so it does fit his character. 'Cinema Sins' as usual making big mistakes while laughing at others for slipping up.
0	USERNAME Flame Productions so is the money out the window scene
0	USERNAME Flame Productions Just because it was in the comic series doesn't mean that it makes any more sense. Comics are full of flaws as well.
0	USERNAME The video suggests that it isn't something the Punisher would do based on the comics. That is flat out wrong.
0	USERNAME Flame Productions The sin was that there was no explanation of how he would know about shit like that. Just saying that 'it was in the comics' doesn't excuse the lack of exposition in the film. It's also important to keep in mind that 99.9% of movie-goers don't read the comics.
0	You missed the smiley face shotgun spread from the truck at the dock!!!
0	Falcons joke was gold
0	This movie really wasn't all that bad. I don't know why it gets so much hate
0	USERNAME Staus this must be your first cinema sins video then...
0	USERNAME H actually it isnt. I watch all cinema sins videos if I actually have watched said movie
0	then you should know, that cinema sins does those videos for fun and not because the movies are actually bad (not always at least).
0	I only own 3 comics and one of them is an issue of the punisher. That popsicle torture is shot for shot from the comic except the interrogatee isn't a fat guy with glasses.
0	the Popsicle part was in the comics, issue one of punisher warzone
0	I actually like this movie
0	TIMESTAMP Holy f*cking sh*t! That's John Pinnette!
0	He's Ded!
0	USERNAME I know. :( He was my favorite comedian.
0	Everything wrong with Lucy!
0	As a HUGE Punisher fan...I love this movie. It's not a good movie, but I love it
0	He became the Punisher... And then he became Marc Anthony...
0	This video is not 15 minutes or less...
0	Not a Jeep CinemaSins.
0	Toting your car around the globe is a typical thing for military if your attached to your car.
0	Do Kick Ass 2 next plz?
0	In mother Russia, you don't find Waldo. Waldo finds you!
0	You should do the next one one The Purge Anarchy
0	Clash of the titans
0	I remember watching this movie for the first time, didn't remember the name of it and i'm surprised it's the Punisher :D
0	Deadpool!
0	Buenos aires is in Argentina tho..
0	"I was wondering where the ""Rebecca Romijn isn't my girlfriend in this scene."" sin was."
0	do the big short in honor of money monster
0	Land of the Lost, pleeeeeease
0	Nothing
0	Sin 51: technically he didn't roll into the water, he was blown into it by the blast wave
0	When his wife's jeep flips over, you missed a great chance to point out the hydraulic mechanism they used to make it flip. It's very obvious and lingers in the shot for more than a couple seconds.
0	TIMESTAMP they are not the same cars. The first is a corvette, the second is a Ford GT.
0	"He read about the ""Popsicle torture"" in ""Punisher War Zone""..."
0	Tampa's actually a wonderful little city
0	You stirred a nest, a Thomas Jane nest of rage.
0	in the beginning when he put his face up to the other guys face, that's how you check for breathing. I went through cpr three times.
0	jfc...
0	I am sorry but sin removed for roll credits
0	Another (small) one: when the yellow car is driving to the club it's a C5 Corvette but at the club it's a Ford GT
0	"Several of these ""sins"" were actually explained by the movie."
0	that's a bronco not a Jeep
0	Chevy Blazer not a Ford Bronco.
0	CinemaSins has jumped the shark. Half of these 'sins' are ridiculous. Talk about bloating your running time.
0	USERNAME com --- So, make a new channel with a video of counter points. Call it CinemaSinsSins.
0	Only if you make a CinemaSinsSinsSins to call me out.
0	They managed to shoot the salad but not the salad bowl. USERNAME
0	So we can all agree that the daredevil punisher is infinitely better.
0	this guy starting to get irritating.
0	@TIMESTAMP - Continuity Error - After blade shoots from knife, we cut back and see a blade still pointing out of the knife
0	Since when is it okay to sin B-movies? It's like beating a blind kid.
0	Kevin Nash isn't tearing his quads in this scene
0	USERNAME Young Damn beat me to it
0	300000 sins fir CASTING THOMAS FUCKING JADE
0	TIMESTAMP Buenos ARIES!? Are you fucking kidding me? These people get paid to write this shit and they can't even spell. WTF....
0	Woah, Tampa bay isn't bad. I'm kind of salty now
0	nice video! no idea why but this is one of my favorite movies.
0	At least it was better than Warzone... my god that movie was just Cringe.
0	Lmao I always question the dock scene where he shoots through the windshield and they crash but no one got hurt. Or maybe the driver was just a dumbass.
0	me to
0	Did nobody else notice how the count jumped 10 when he talked about Frank parking in a handicap spot?
0	TIMESTAMP - Simpsons reference. USERNAME TIMESTAMP - Discount Kevin Na...ooooooh. USERNAME
0	"I'm curious: would CinemaSins sin an establishing shot that contains a city name and a state/country name if the city or country was made up just for the movie? I know Jeremy doesn't like listing the city and state/country, but you would kind of have to if one or both of them doesn't exist in the real world. Also, the fact that the bad guys in this movie are called ""The Saints"" pisses me off because it constantly reminds me that this is not a movie about the Punisher going up against the Third Street Saints"
0	This was actually funny, but the movie was great
0	Please do a Cinema Sin of Wolf Creek
0	Sin Tally jumps from 97 to 107.
0	sin... That wasn't a jeep.
0	I AM REDDIT! UPBOATS TO THE LEFT!
0	"I appreciate the sins videos but this movie was great and you should've taken off a few sins. ""You killed my son!"" And his reply was ""both of them."" Cue explosion. That was perfect."
0	This is a good movie, half your sins are easily explained if paying attention.
0	11286465286435561653256243651824356786753424856738675428756421856742165872436584216571426857413278565678243356743567415672134567824316578345678413567814356741567465784157624356712475642175621457651426723145676758123465782346571243657843256783465783425687431567345678435678456841562146741356781435678214356724135678245674156372164355624135634568213465843568243156821345623416572134762341657213
0	when feeling for a pulse, you look, listen feel.. your ear is very sensitive, so your listening and feeling while looking at the chest. . .. but as always, great video.
0	Thats not a Jeep......its a Blazer.
0	TIMESTAMP how is making a comment about a fat person racist?
0	Could be worse. In the comics the Russian was defeated by pizza. And then became a genderbending cyborg.
0	I actually liked the movie
0	This movie was entertaining, funny, and made the Punisher who is one of the most unmarketable anti-heroes into a likable and charismatic character.
0	Sin the Mummy movies. Also bring back What'$ the Damage.
0	Ha, no sin for surviving the grenade by hopping in the bath tub? Or alternatively, no sin removed for surviving a grenade by hopping in a bath tub?
0	HEY YOU SHOULD DO EVERYTHING WORNG WITH osmosis jones ? :)
0	i think reading some of these posts can be very entertaining. also well done on another sins video. i can think of a few other sins, but since this is not my channel im not going to write them. instead im going to keep enjoying the channel i decided to subscribe to. as again i enjoy whay they produce.
0	Jesus Christ, this was based on Welcome Back, Frank by Garth Ennis? No, no, no, god no...
0	can you do everything wrong with the lazarus effect
0	I'm really sad he did not enjoy this film. It's not about the sins, but the tone of disdain that I feel this movie does not deserve. I went into it expecting to hate it, and am aware of its problems, but by the end of it I found myself having fun. I like that Ennis' run of Punisher. I think people who made the film also had fun with the characters and campness, and it gets trough. And I'm the worst kind of people: a fanboy and a film snob. Shame he did not pick on that.
0	I still love this movie.
0	This is still better than any of the new Spider Man and Fantastic Four abortions.
0	See!!!!!! YEEE!!!!
0	"""Soup up a car""."
0	Do Punisher: War Zone!!!
0	He will....
0	can you do Flash Gordon?
0	Love this movie
0	As someone who lives in Tampa, this made me laugh.
0	USERNAME I agree I live here too
0	thanks
0	BUENOS AIRES ARGENTINA? Is not a place? Really????? sins for you!!!
0	The movie misspelled it. Obviously the misspelled city doesn't exist
0	Someone has been watching too much Daredevil lately
0	gangsters do wear sandals in florida... its florida. we wear sandals to church, to school, to work, to everything, shoes are hot.
0	There's something wrong with this channel if you think that any of The Punisher movies are bad!!
0	this was actually a good movie i liked Tomas Jane as the punisher waaaaayy better that war zone piece of crap
0	In Soviet Russia, Waldo finds YOU!
0	Buenos Aires is a place. It's the capital of Argentina
0	add a sin for being punished by watching the punisher
0	The guy probably has a nerve condition
0	I actually liked this movie a lot back in the day. It was one of the only movies to not hypersexualize Rebecca Romjin (back when X-Men had her practically in the nude, though I've got NO problems with that!), Travolta was in it, Ben Foster was in it, Thomas Jane is actually a pretty kickass guy... let's see, what else... yeah, it was alright.
0	wtf at sin 36, unding that, that bullet could be a slug instead of a buckshot, so it probably doesn't spread
0	I was born in Buenos Aires ;-;
0	"Movie has ""Buenos Aries"", not ""Buenos Aires"". Presta atención."
0	Bueno, admito derrota.
0	The worst part is that this is the best Punisher movie yet.
0	USERNAME Stive Guy The first 4 episodes in the 2nd season of Daredevil kind of count as a movie.
0	This is a good movie, but check the short Thomas Jane did called Dirty Laundry on YouTube.
0	The worst part is that this is the best Punisher movie yet.
0	Personally think this is one of the most underrated comic book movies. Great film for a load of action and some clever little twists.
0	Do transformer 1986
0	Transformers*
0	Uhhh, the 2004's one was pretty good.
0	Speaking of which, have you already sinned first wives club cause that would be pretty funny
0	Everything Wrong With Looney Tunes: Back In Action
0	"Near the start ""checking pulse requires hands and ears,"" he actually did it right. You check the pulse with your fingers, while putting your ear near their mouth to listen/feel for breathing, and look down the chest to look for breathing. It's exactly how I was taught to check when I was in the military."
0	USERNAME It's a first aid thing, what he did wrong is that Franks face was facing side, ergo the paramedic was poorly placed and couldn't have felt his breath
0	USERNAME Bathory I get that, but the specific criticism was still wrong. That's my point. He went through the motions right, as you're taught to do, he just didn't actually position himself right.
0	Super waste of Ben foster and how was that character not played by Jason mewes
0	I loved this movie, but I see why people don't
0	USERNAME Erik Johansson the only reason i can see why people are hating on this movie is because of how good the netflix punisher was on the dare devil series, if it wasnt for that people would still be talking about this movie like it was awesome which it is
0	I used to like CinmaSins when they would sin what is wrong with a movie, not nit pick a bunch of shit. and it isn't just the punisher movie, i can't really stand any of these anymore, just too nit picky on shit.
0	Deadpool
0	do deadpool
0	Difference between lucky and blessed: Lucky implies happenstance. Blessed implies a divine plan. God blesses.
0	Sin the Alien quadrilogy
0	BURNS!! SENOR BUUURNS!! hahahahaha
0	Also, holy crap a Marvel flick without Stan Lee!
0	He was an executive producer, but didn't have a cameo.
0	I'm surprised they didn't sin the giant flaming skull explosion.
0	Try and sin the almost unsinable Nightcrawler
0	Everything Wrong With: The Peanuts Movie The Hills Earned It Cool For The Summer
0	The game was great.
0	expose the sins of The Mummy (the '99 version with Brendan Fraser) next! awesome film...but a helluva lot of sins
0	"When you said ""SEE"" as he flew off the deck i lost my shit lmao"
0	as a fan of the comics specifically the ennis/ dillion version of the punisher I still like warzone better
0	Frank parking in the handicapped spot was on purpose. It was bad guys wife car. He was setting her up to look like she was having an affair with his #1. So it's not like he just parked there for no reason. 1 sin removed. Lol
0	"Wasnt castle a SEAL? Wouldnt that explain a lot of his ""Super Powers""? Or At least explain some of his unimaginable feats."
0	No, he was a jar head
0	USERNAME URL
0	USERNAME Roux okay I cannot believe I am having this conversation but I collect the punisher comics ya know the ones from the 1980's and I follow that story arc over the course of years there have been many renditions of many comic book heroes, anti heroes, villains ect. Ect. So you have your opinion and I have mine I just follow the original print phew that was a lot to say anyway, that link does nothing for me because let's face it I don't care
0	USERNAME Roux I mean it states at the top of that page he was a Marine
0	USERNAME keep reading he bio
0	USERNAME Tim roux is a moron...he doesn't know what he is talking about! Frank Castle originally wanted to be a priest but found it hard to forgive those who sinned...then enlisted into the u.s.m.c and went into 'nam came home and became a family man and cop...whilst picnicking in Central Park his family was gunned down after they witnessed a mob deal...frank told the police everything he had seen and when he came home and after he the door his house blew up...filled with rage, guilt, sadness he took to the streets to punish those who did wrong...want to learn more talk to me...like I said there are many renditions of the punisher so...
0	USERNAME so I am a moron because I read the bio on marvel.com? URL
0	Buenos Aires is a place. It is the capital of Argentina...Cinema Sins sin! Place: a particular position or point in space. (Source: Google) Even if Buenos Aires wasn't a city, state, or country, it would still be considered a place because the country club, Buenos Aires, is located in a particular position in space.
0	do everything wrong with batman vs superman
0	He will, but it must be released on DVD/Blu-Ray first. Have patience
0	I actually enjoyed this movie tbh
0	Punisher is my favourite character :-) I liked both films, even though the second was crap. But funny crap :D
0	"Well look on the bright side: if they did start with that scene they would have included ""flashbacks"" leading the audience to be frustrated whilst in their seats."
0	Wow failed Tampa bay Buccaneers joke used Falcons instead geez cinema sins
0	"""The Russian Where's Waldo is much easier to find"""
0	#1 fucking thing wrong.....WHY IS THIS IN TAMPA AND NOT HELLS KITCHEN?!?!
0	Because NY is expensive as fuck to film in. Tampa was alot cheaper alternative.
0	"Nah, it was good movie, if you would not be so biased(half of sins are really stupid, that you could put on any movie) you would realize that its the same scheme like old 80-90 action movies had.... and you didnt sin them like that... funny, huh? Its one of those types that you watch in the middle of week, after news, but you dont have mood for anything specific. You just want move where there is some ""action"" of few big guys punching & shooting each other."
0	Cinemasins is trying really hard to get us to watch Netflix's Daredevil lately.
0	Am i the only one that loves his voice?
0	One of the things that has bugged me for awhile is that Howard Saint never knew his best friend Quentin was gay. You figure that if they were that good of friends, Howard at least would have known some personal stuff about Quentin.
0	Not if that's a part of Quentin's life he didn't want Howard knowing about.
0	USERNAME Agreed. But a lot of people confide within their best friends about such information. Not everyone, but mostly in my opinion.
0	USERNAME Hall You're right. What I said is an exception and exceptions do prove the rule.
0	Also, he is ex special forces. They are trained in quick draw and rapid reload.
0	I actually liked this movie....the only good thing about the second one, however, is the use of Slipknot's Psychosocial
0	The party was a family reunion. They were all his family and they were kill gangland style.
0	Try EWW 'Bound'.
0	my birthday is April 19 lol
0	Fun fact: Checking vital signs is actually done how they did it in the movie - You measure their pulse by the palpation, you watch if the chest is moving and you put your cheek up to their nose and mouth to tell if they are breathing.
0	this is the best punisher movie. war zone on the other hand deserves a sin counter.
0	Guys look at the sin counter at TIMESTAMP when it changes XD nice maths CinemaSins ;)
0	This movie was excellent. There are explanations for basically 99% of these 'Sin's'.... you're a total nerd, guy For example: 33. Yeah so what? they're at a reunion. 34. He's expecting to find unarmed civ's, why would he not just open the door. 35 It's a 12 Gauge shotgun - you would be launched. 36 pellet goes straight through bowl 41so what? 42 they hit a tire, don't cut important shit out nerd 46 they're inflicting fear with impending doom 47 the shot causes Quin to swerve, wouldn't you? 48 they tough gangsters and maybe dont give a fuck if its loaded? 50 you said it later yourself retard, 'how on earth did he survive', then surely they also assumed the shot killed him 57 so what, she rewards him with a fuck. 59 yes obviously 2-3 weeks how is that a Sin, nerd? 60 yes, the film is about Franks loss and his transformation into the Punisher, nerd 61 you can punch glass and not get cut 63 why would he find #1 Dad shirt on a holiday island, its the only shirt his son brought/bought him there 66, 67 so, he can build a car, he's the fucking Punisher what do you expect, nerd? 69 introducing new characters 70 so what nerd, that's his character fuck off with your 'racist' bs 73 wouldn't you ask that if you were hanging upside down in front of a flaming torch? 74-76 He mentions later that he needs his help to bring down the Gang, how would he receive the help if he violently tortures him to death?. You know what... fuck this channel, and fuck you, nerd.
0	lol you call him a nerd and then you write a book. lol geez what a nerd. btw shotguns don't launch people period. small arms don't launch people no matter how close. this is Hollywood. gun shots crumple people
0	"The ""Popsicle torture"" was lifted directly from the comics. Had you actually listened to the dialogue before making smart ass comments about the scene, Castle explains that with a hot enough flame the body can't determine if something is extremely hot or cold. Shit - at least look at the Punisher comics before making some smarmy comments as they took some of this directly from the comics. And if you paid attention to the movie, Caste used that Handicap parking ticket to frame Travolta's wife for being at a hotel rather than the movies like she claimed. That gave Saint enough reason to think his wife was cheating on him with Quentin. "" Frank the tank"" - again, the comics- the guy is like 6'2"" and built like a brick shit-house in the books. And he can take a ton of punishment."
0	USERNAME im pretty sure the 'no books rule' include comic books as well
0	USERNAME They don't care about the books or comics, in this case. They base their sins off the movie alone.
0	USERNAME Kressh Marvel's movies are based on their comics. Before they got smart and made Iron Man they borrowed heavily from the scripts for the comics.
0	From watching this video I can tell how amazingly crap is this film. Thanks for the heads-up.
0	This was the best Punisher movie.
0	Hey has it ever crossed your mind to do everything wrong with anime based movies? I would love to see your opinion on Miyazaki movies and others.
0	You missed one (at least): TIMESTAMP he shots the knife blade from the hilt and in the next shot the blade in back in the hilt
0	Also, pause it at TIMESTAMP and you can totally see that the kid is smiling and seemingly enjoying himself in the car that is about to crash.
0	and yet this movie is still leagues better than anything Marvel has since come out with; 10 sins removed.
0	Do Austin Powers
0	Ahhhh tampa.... Oh how I hate you.
0	tampa......gangland.........hahaahahahahahahaahahahaha
0	USERNAME. Halloween Mr. Popo's laugh?
0	"No, its just funny to think of tampa as a ""gang land"". Ybor maybe, drew park, sure, sulpher springs oh hell yes. But tampa....really..."
0	Do Pirates of the Caribbean - On Stranger Tides
0	TIMESTAMP Is that Kevin Nash? I think that's Kevin Nash. If it's not, discount Kevin Nash *ding*
0	Please do Captain America: Civil War
0	this whole story, from jon travolta not being a boring cultist to the massive random (and seemingly routine based of citizen reactions) shootings, could only concivaby take place in florida
0	My picks for Cinema Sins: The Transporter films, Blood Sport, the G.I. Joe films, and more of the Friday the 13th films.
0	IN SOVIET RUSSIA, WALDO FINDS YOU
0	Some Quick Draw McGraw asshole beat me to this. Thanks a lot, jerk.
0	Best Punisher movie
0	"The fight between Punisher and the Russian is in my top five ""superhero vs villain"" movie fight scenes."
0	While this was entertaining, Warzone felt more like a Punisher movie. Not to mention, Stevenson looks a whole hell of a lot more like Frank Castle than Thomas Jane did.
0	I thought that they had the overall subtle western themes throughout the film nailed down
0	In Soviet Russia Waldo finds you!
0	Dammit, I should have looked further down the comments!
0	My reactions to CinemaSins' 'sins' videos, CinemaSins makes a video about real life movies Result: I guess that was a pretty bad movie. CinemaSins makes a video about a DreamWorks movie Result: That movie deserves such treatment! CinemaSins makes a video about a Disney movie Result: Hey! There are kids who could be watching this stuff! CinemaSins makes a video about a Pixar movie Result: JUST DIE ALREADY!!!
0	It's not a jeep idiot, it's a Chevy blazer
0	One of my favorite guilty pleasure movies
0	another sin! Aguadilla Bay i. Aguadilla is 30 miles away from San Juan... stated in the newspaper scene
0	Anyone else notice the smiley face bullet hole pattern in the window of the red pickup? I got a kick out of that.
0	I found another one. at 02.13, the 2 x rays on the left are hung wrongly. it shud be rotated 90 degrees to the left
0	Oi! Punisher was a pretty good movie!
0	Do straight outta compton. So many things wrong with that movie
0	BTW, he parks in that handicap spot on purpose, so Saint will get the ticket. And Saint's wife says to kill his family because she was just told he was at a family reunion. You guys sloppy as fuck :p
0	Do shallow hal!!!!! It would be a hilarious one
0	Please do Everything Wrong With Zombieland!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	HOW DARE YOU CALL BEES PESTS?!?
0	So if Dexter went to tampa would he kill the punisher?
0	The Popsicle torture scene was actually from the comics ಠ_ಠ
0	Noooo... I love this movie
0	As someone that lives in Tampa; that mafia should definitely be Cuban not Italian.
0	Back to the Future Part 3. Toy Story 3. Spaceballs Thomas and the Magic Railroad. The Simpsons Movie.
0	Can't believe they were so easy on this one. Makes me think Punisher: War Zone should have been up for academy awards.
0	After having watched Daredevil, this movie is unbearable, its kinda like watching Daredevil after having watched Daredevil. XD
0	Wut?
0	USERNAME The new TV Daredevil series has the Punisher in, who is getting his own spin off. So watching this is like watching TV Daredevil and then watching film Daredevil, as the movie is crap.
0	USERNAME Okay, because I thought you meant it was a better experience watching the daredwvil movie than this punisher film. I have not watched the tv series, so didn't know punisher was in it. Now it all makes sense
0	haha, spoilers.. xD
0	This movie was awful.
0	EVERYTHING WRONG WITH TOY STORY 3 PLS MAKE THIS HAPPEN
0	Everything wrong with.... The Crow? Go on... dare ya.
0	Honestly, I'm generally good at sinning movies, but I couldn't. I just liked that movie too much. Poor Brandon 😢
0	USERNAME Philbrick-Cruse Gotta respect that. Tis my favourite movie. (Requiem for a Dream - a close second) I'm sure the crow remake (currently in production why God whyyyy? ??) will be more than suitable for a roasting. 👊
0	USERNAME Please tell me you're joking about the remake.
0	USERNAME Philbrick-Cruse Nope. Tis not a joke. Tis happening. apparently going to be a closer adaptation to the graphic novel which... let's be honest. .. is WAY different to the Brandon Lee movie.
0	I love this movie
0	yes, every car has wires like that, it's how trailers lights attach to the signals ect when you have one hooked up
0	Great channel, you my good man are doing hell-a good job (sorry english isn`t my native or even 1st language). Btw. can you sin some good old movies lke Leperhaun, Shining, 1408, Leviathan?
0	as a person who lives in argentina, buenos aries is just a good dude who was born in march 20 to april 19
0	Do batman vs superman
0	Sin batman v superman
0	the actor whobplays punisher makes me think of the highlander idk why
0	"""Is the movie trying to tell me that Frank murdered the truck?"" LMFAO. What a statement"
0	This movie was definitely better than Warzone, but Daredevil's Punisher is fucking cool.
0	USERNAME Forbes and getting his own series
0	Cinemasins: Showing a guy getting stabbed in the neck is ok but profanity? No! That's too inappropriate!
0	Civil war was fucking awesome! Can't wait for cinemasins to grab a hold of it
0	Don't kill me if I say I mistook Ben foster for pewdiepie at TIMESTAMP :)
0	Too late. I'm coming to kill you
0	USERNAME Zaman Hides in cat bus
0	I would have added 10 sins for that stupid grenade going off in the apartment and noone giving a shit.
0	DO DEADPOOL PLEASE
0	The blow torch and Popsicle scene is the same from the comics. Exactly the same. Depending on the writer, the Punisher will not just torture people because he c an. Some versions, yes, but this one, no.
0	can you make harry potter what's the damages?
0	TIMESTAMP Opa Gangland Style!
0	"Dont know why I gave one of these videos a chance after avoiding them for so long. Still totally unfunny and ill-informed. The ""German"" accent was actually a South African accent that Jane had been using on the excellent film Stander right before he shot The Punisher, the popsicle scene is directly from the comic... I could go on but the complete tards who write/create these videos don't give a fuck about actual facts... just unfunny, nit-picking shit. if I could block a channel it'd be done in a second but I cant so I guess its back to just avoiding them again."
0	"My request for s sins video..... ""Everything wrong with... It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World."" Old classic movie... funny as hell."
0	I kinda liked this particular Punisher. Not the film as a whole, but certain scenes were pretty funny. The over-the-top killing of Castle's family, their pets, acquaintances of said pets and so on; The scenes where the mob always sends someone after Castle, but he always kills the would-be assassin, then they send the indestructible russian guy and he's having trouble killing him; The bad guy ripping out the piercings, that was pretty cool. There were funny moments.
0	Two fingers and ear are necessary to check his pulse and see if he was breathing...thats like basic CPR
0	I don't care what anyone says, this version of the punisher was great. I love how he tricked Howard Saint into killing his wife and best friend, and the fight scene with the Russian is easily one of my favorite scenes in any movie ever. (The Russian was also nearly impervious to pain in the comics, though he had a weakness for heat and fire, just like here)
0	say what you want..i liked this movie..and Tom Jane was a pretty good punisher
0	A Youtube comment
0	pshh, Drug addicts are pretty nice people... some at least.
0	No sins removed for how hilariously he destroys Travolta's entire life? Frank explaining what he did is probably the sickest burn anyone has ever layed down on anyone ever.
0	I'm a little afraid to ask this but dis the dead son have a semi when his father petted him?
0	#Blessed
0	do deadpool
0	This film was literally trash
0	It was pretty good actually
0	You killed my son No I was just setting him up and the FBI guys killed himBut, your retarded can't dress himself son got himself killedBecause when swat decked out officers tell you to put the gun downYou put the fucking gun down
0	Everything wrong with Big Trouble in Little China! This was one of my favorite movies when I was younger and I know it's stuffed to the brim with sins.
0	Buenos Aries is most DEFINITELY not a place.
0	USERNAME K same
0	I thought it was awesome.
0	TIMESTAMP the purpose of putting the head down like that is to see if you can feel if the person is breathing and/or see the chest rise
0	Punisher didn't use real torture because burn marks would look suspicious on his information gatherer.
0	Fuck you, Tampa is awesome.
0	USERNAME Suarea IMO Tampa is, ok I guess, but more so how can someone that lives in the far suburbs of Trashvillie rip on any other place, besides Arkansas.
0	Ding! His wife wasn't driving a jeep
0	Please sin Benjamin Button. Haven't even seen it but fuck the spoilers! lol
0	The popsicle interrogation scene is took straight from Punisher War Journal #1
0	Ben Foster was in X-Men The Last Stand
0	All of these actors' careers became collateral damage thanks to The Punisher DING
0	She called me the Punisher last night.. ♥
0	Actually, tjis one was pretty good.
0	God DAMN, were early 2000s white people movies fucking awkward. Make it a early 2000s white people hero movie, and it just becomes cringey DING
0	Everything wrong with Blade -|-----
0	TIMESTAMP Pretty and likable lady is never seen in movies again thanks to The Punisher DING
0	I dont care what anyone says.I like this movie
0	10 points for parking in handicap? Wtf?
0	TIMESTAMP Frank just ruined his perfect cover. Now everyone and their mother knows he's alive DING
0	"""Frank Castle is dead"" line at the end is funny since Frank Castle isn't even his given name in the comics anyway. It's a name he legally changes his name to to serve more time in the military."
0	You guys should definitely go back and do the old, old Marvel films.
0	the Russian is an established punisher villain who as one of his key attributes has extremely sensitive skin. a small patch of skin being stabbed would not really bother him, but half his face being scalded would be an agony beyond anything. the guy is also super strong, resistant to physical damage, and has some level of healing factor.
0	ow the edge of this movie
0	No mention of how Punisher took the time to place all the C4 in the parking lot to make the skull symbol? That would have taken him ages, and that's not even counting the time taken to plan it.
0	U should do steve jobs
0	im going to sin you for calling a chevy blazer a jeep
0	"The 7 feet tall wrestling legend Kevin ""The diesel"" Nash defeated by a man's surname is Jane, and died from falling off the stair, I remember laughing my ass off when I first saw that, NICE CASTING VERY CONVINCING"
0	USERNAME travis He actually tore his quadriceps during the fight. That's why he lost.
0	You missed the bullet holes in the grill. When he shoots at him and hits the grill, it has bullet holes. Then the next shot they're gone, and when he blows up the propane they're back again. On the DVD and theatrical version, just saying.
0	I reckon the next will be daredevil
0	"To be fair, I punched through two sheets of glass before cutting my hand on the third and that only happened because I thought to myself, ""Should I be getting cut?"", while I was punching the third. By the way, I love your content."
0	The knife stab was real. They never switched out the real knife for the fake retractable one. Both the Russian and him are actually being stabbed on film.
0	The scene where Castle and his waitress neighbor are close is hopefully shot that way for a reason. When the scene shows her, she's close to him, implying that she'd like to be more intimate, while in the next w/ Castle has him farther from her, implying that he's keeping her at a distance. It could be a continuity error left over from multiple takes, but there is a valid reason for such shot tricks in movies.
0	Kevin Nash didn't get the finger poke of doom in this movie
0	TIMESTAMP That moment when the gangsters should have seen Frank Castle's suspicious bullet proof vest, but didn't DING
0	You know? Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina
0	But they spelled it Buenos Aries ARIES Not Aires
0	To be fair, this punisher movie is way better than the other one
0	USERNAME Srivastava which one? There are more than 2
0	This movie is a train wreck from start to finish.
0	now do the other punisher movie
0	No sins for the fake fire hydrants?
0	I would like to see everything wrong with oldboy either version
0	He wasn't checking his pulse with his ears he was looking at chest movement while checking the pulse.
0	the character of the punisher seemed kind of badass just everyone else that kinda sucked
0	Cool. Now do King Kong vs Godzilla
0	I suggest sinning some quentin tanantino movies.
0	Three Punisher movies.
0	True.
0	USERNAME Pike dolph lol
0	USERNAME Skull Yep.
0	USERNAME Pike remember nick fury agent of shield with hasselhoff lol
0	USERNAME Skull LOL Yeah I've seen bits of that.
0	cinemasins. do fury please
0	Do John Wick next!!!
0	at TIMESTAMP, Frank castle doesn't have any bruises from the gunshots. he was wearing the bpvest, but there's little damage on it.
0	Do Scott Pilgrim Vs the World!!
0	"""The taking of this dead guy's pulse will require both my fingers AND my ears!!"" Actually people do that to hear whether the person is breathing or not USERNAME"
0	Not really a fan of superhero movies where they are Just now becoming a hero anymore. How many times do I have to watch spiderman go through puberty lmo
0	I don't care, I liked Thomas Jane as Punisher
0	but if they actually rolled the credits, why did you still sin?
0	Woah, since I was maybe.. 12 I suppose, I've had a vague memory of the ice block torture scene. I had no idea what movie it was from, I only remembered that one scene and now I feel so complete knowing what movie it was from :')
0	PLEASE DO THE NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET REMAKE!!!!! OR A DISNEY MOVIE. LIKE TARZAN OR POCAHONTAS PLEASE
0	Punisher: Warzone next? Or The Visit!
0	There are three Punisher movies.
0	No Jacknife Powerbomb during the Kevin Nash fight scene. ding
0	For them knowing the gun wouldn't shoot is because shotguns will only hold 6 shells(at least the ones they use in movies, not too sure about real shotguns)
0	The only Punisher comic I have ever read was the one with that popsicle scene in it. weird.
0	ok but imagine the effort it takes to do these videos like seriously I'm surprised they get this many out you must watch the movie 2-4 times while looking for sins then edit it to fit the video and add comantary it takes forever
0	USERNAME heblinger Yeah, but when you can make your entire living off of a YouTube channel, you may as well put in a couple hours.
0	I like to see Everything Wrong With Peter Pan(1953)
0	"I will be honest, I love this movie. It's not perfect by any means, but I have always enjoyed it as amusement and not over think it. But well done guys! I enjoyed this ""review"", amusing and funny."
0	... I actually thought this movie was great So many sins for very petty reasons
0	Welcome to CinemaSins, where the sins don't matter and we don't care.
0	USERNAME ain't that right
0	You shoot the salad and not the salad bowl Lmfao
0	Jon Bernthal disapproves this Punisher movie.
0	Hoping for you to do civil war next you'll have fun with it
0	"When i heard that the Punisher was in Daredevil season 2, i was like: i wish Thomas Shane could be the Punisher again. Really like him. Then i saw Jon Bernthal's Punisher... Man, he was fucking awesome!!! I like him more than Daredevil! And he's getting his own show on Netflix, i'm so hyped ☺ ""One batch, two batch, penny and dime..."" 💀🔫👊"
0	Same he's so awesome!!
0	I am still amazed by the fact that our teacher let us watch this in 10th grade.
0	USERNAME I'm not really, my AP English teacher in 9th grade let us watch the classic Romeo and Juliet that has a scene of full frontal nudity w/ both main characters. I was kind of shocked that she got away w/ that for years really.
0	USERNAME Lol there's a difference between showing a shakesphere story that's been loved for 100s of years and a R rated movie with no educational value for the class.
0	USERNAME True, but showing minors a movie that has any nudity in it these days seems to be something that many school boards take an issue w/. Regardless of the educational value. I would say that a high school teacher showing The Punisher in a class though had better hope that no parent ever freaks out. That's a lawsuit. Hell, my girlfriend got a letter from her son's 8th grade science teacher basically offering for an opt out for showing The Day After Tomorrow for class.
0	i've seen worse comic adaptions but the punisher we got now blows this one out of the water.
0	i've seen worse comic adaptions but the punisher we got now blows this one out of the water.
0	I honestly love this movie. I've watched it like a hundred times.
0	TIMESTAMP Playa Sin Nombre = Beach with no name BTW Tjere is no beach called like that and I should know since I live in Puerto Rico
0	Everything wrong with Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and The Frighteners. Those are two of my favorite movies from the 90s.
0	I loved this movie when it came out, it's still one of my favorites!!
0	what about a sin for Kevin Nash not having pulled a hamstring
0	TBH you guys should have removed a scene for that Popsicle scene. Shit added good (and appropriate) humor to a dark movie
0	The movie should have been named The Edgelord.
0	"That ""very conspicuous car"" one doesn't really work, the yellow car at the scene of the shootout is a corvette, the car outside the club is a Ford GT :)"
0	Why do I think the American version has bits cut from it, the one that I saw was more detailed with bits giving more plot and violence.
0	Maybe you just saw the extended version.
0	This movie was awesome from start to finish
0	USERNAME S. I'm pretty sure you meant awful. Must have been autocorrect.
0	USERNAME it's his opinion dick plus as much as I love the Netflix version it still wasn't as gory as this
0	Ok, bro, I love these, and when you do Punisher two, if you don't take off at LEAST 5 sins for the surface to air missle killing the fucking douchebag parkor retard, i'm gonna be reallllllly sad.
0	I had a good laugh at that scene lol
0	The blowtorch and popsicle scene is taken right from the comics.
0	USERNAME the comics don't matter. ;)
0	USERNAME *are
0	USERNAME IV no, he is right as the blowtorch and Popsicle scene is one scene, not multiple
0	USERNAME IV *Fail
0	USERNAME Goddamn it... Kappa
0	you should also do punisher: war zone
0	I used to like this movie. What was I thinking?
0	USERNAME Hogan well usually the counter consists of 2/3 sins and 1/3 bullshit (which is actually fine by me) but except for some true plotholes he almost only picked on bullshit here...the movie was't that bad
0	USERNAME Well, I mean, it's probably been ten years since I last saw it. It just looks bad. Campy. Not Daredevil or Elektra bad, but you know.
0	Buenos Aires is a place, its the capitol of Argentina...
0	The sin is for spelling it wrong: Buenos Aries insted of Buenos Aires.
0	"Two? I thought there were three? ""Punisher"" in 1989 w/Dolph Lundgren; ""Punisher"" in 2004 w/Tom Jane; and...oh, I see.......""Punisher: War Zone"" in 2008 with Ray Stevenson. So technically correct: Only two movies were named ""Punisher"""
0	I wanna shoop Anyone else?
0	Look I like the scene where he blows up the cars and they make the publisher symbol but that should be a sin because he had to set up all those cars and why, if he planned to kill the last guy by burning him then what was the whole point of setting up those cars none of the bad guys would see it because they're dead. To sum it up its just too inconvenient
0	USERNAME Gamez Because movie.
0	"everything wrong with this video in 5 seconds or less: says ""everything wrong with the punisher in 15 minutes or less"". length of video is 16 minutes. ding."
0	Why is the rum always gone? Frank Castle drank it!
0	Where's the good Punisher remake, Marvel?
0	C'mooooon! That was a great movie. EWW is a great channel, but most of the things you sinned are explained in the movie.
0	As a former resident of s suburb of Tampa. Yes. Tampa is an acceptable punishment.
0	I have never watched this movie before. I guess it goes without saying that this is a horrible movie. Watching this is way more interesting.
0	Why don't you watch it and form your own opinion?
0	USERNAME (Raises eye brows, rolls eyes) Neeah! Not worth the effort!
0	USERNAME The extended cut was better than the theater cut. Oh well, your loss.
0	Everything wrong with Pleasantville....please?
0	this movie is great... the extended edition is really awesome
0	Hey! I live in Tampa... :-(
0	Sorry dude : (
0	Have u ever been called a tampon?
0	As someone from that area, Tampa is a very accurate sentence
0	Damn, did Tampa kill your dog? Beating on my home town hurts the feels.
0	DOOOO PUNISHER WAR ZONE OR IM GONNA BLOWTORCH A POPSICKLE
0	THE HATEFUL EIGHT
0	fuck the falcons
0	He hates the SAINTS he must be a BUCS fan!!!! They live in Tampa!!! Same division as Saints and Falcons.
0	This movie is awesome.
0	the popsicle torture scene actually happened on one issue. Cinema Sins is sloppy and bad at research. ding
0	not a jeep, a chevy blazer, just saying. :)
0	You gave this movie more sins than Star Wars: The Force Awakens? Maaan, I DONE with CinemaSins. Smh.
0	Are you insinuating that Punisher is better than TFA? If so then you might be stupid.
0	The count doesn't matter
0	I'm not saying that I'm mad buttttttt WHERE THE FUCK IS CINEMASINS DEADPOOL?!?!!!!
0	Deadpool sins himself.
0	Praises the movie for rolling the credits, still sins it. Kek.
0	Not sure if it was praise so much as relief. Bur.
0	Still better than War Zone, where Microchip was more dedicated to the war than Frank. SMH
0	"So instead of sinning the fact that he stole the car, you sin him for parking in a handicap spot in that car? You also ignore the fact that he did it so the wife would get a ticket, making the ""affair"" believable."
0	Am I the only 1 that would love to see all the Saw movies sinned.? Ps love what you guys do.!
0	The last sin made no sense, they actually rolled credits. 1 sin off, recount to 161 :)
0	Buenos Aires IS a place: It is an argentinian province, and the capitol of the country is a city in it
0	The sin is for writting Buenos Aries insted of Buenos Aires.
0	USERNAME DelMar sorry, my bad :)
0	It's Ok buddy ; )
0	Deadpool is now out on dvd. Dare i say more..... DOOO IT!!!!
0	ah
0	Yes please do deadpool.
0	USERNAME Hebner DO EET
0	what are you waiting for.... do it.... DOOOO ITTTT!!!!!!
0	Already ?
0	This is a great movie.
0	"How often do we actually ""roll credits"" when we get the title drop?"
0	"USERNAME Abruzzo ""The Dark Knight"" did it."
0	USERNAME Abruzzo And the expendables.
0	While Your Were Sleeping did in it's totally unnecessary ending narration.
0	TIMESTAMP In Soviet Russia, Waldo finds YOU!
0	USERNAME&#39; Muse I laughed a bit harder than I wanted to at this. XD
0	how isn't the giant CGI skull fire a sin ?
0	Because it is awesome.
0	Why is the punisher in Tampa? Plus the scene where the wife and kid are running down the pier is not in Puerto Rico, that's actually Fort Desoto Gulf Pier which is near Tampa, I've been there to many times to not recognize it.
0	buenos aires is a place..
0	It was spell wrong: Buenos Aries insted of Buenos Aires.
0	USERNAME DelMar You went looking for the aries comments, didn't you!? So did I 😬😬😬
0	USERNAME K Yes, i did ; ) I can't stand when people tried to find mistakes in this channel insted of enjoying it. And they point mistakes without even pay attention. I mean, it's a comedy channel chill out people and laugh! : )
0	USERNAME DelMar Exactly!
0	God I love this movie
0	this will always be my punisher
0	USERNAME Mine too. Why I hate the character.
0	I know this is an old video. But as a paramedic I can easily vouch that blood Pools in clothing. Hardly ever is there blood spattering walls or are people surrounded by a pool of blood.
0	USERNAME flame umm this video was actually made today...haha
0	Deadpool
0	Okay, I never knew about the pantiless upskirt scene... THAT IS NOT A SIN! And the sentence... Tampa? CinemaSins, really now, isn't that unnecessarily cruel?
0	Italian is a nationality not a race
0	80's s10 Blazer for the win. Don't you sin my 1st car, damn you!
0	"sin ""the fly"""
0	please lol
0	You obviously don't know your comic book characters and I'm not a huge nerd about it but cmon man it's the fucking punisher
0	You should do Shanghai Noon and Shanghai Knights. Watching the latter and there is so much bullcrap. They fall from Big Ben and survive by holding the tearing flag.
0	May as well do Spawn next
0	when are you going to do DEADPOOL?????
0	I don't even watch these for the sins, it's mostly for a summary of movies I like.
0	Now. do the warzone one
0	This movie is kind of like what would happen if you read the cliff notes of Count of Monte Cristo, changed a few plot elements, then added a bunch of shooting and some torture. Not saying this is a bad thing, it's just a thing. Also I hate that end scene worse then I hate the ending of Star Wars VII. Seriously, who cut that shit?
0	USERNAME I don't know, but they probably pissed off a few thousand people by shutting the Sunshine Skyway bridge down to shoot that scene.
0	USERNAME Having driven in Tampa before, I can only imagine. There's not really that many alternate routes.
0	this movie was awsome
0	"one of the crappiest crap ""films"" ever! only rivaled by elektra and daredevil"
0	USERNAME bilegdemberel The dark days of Marvel. I found those movies to be boring and dull, throw in the X-Men movies too.
0	TIMESTAMP aquadilla bay? there is a place who need more indication,,, this is not a sin
0	"Wait, I may not be right here, but I thought Punisher had a sense of humor in the comics? I mean, he wasn't a joker, but he could crack the one-liners and have some enjoyment in torturing criminals. Why would CinemaSins want him to be a more flat character? And doesn't ""comics"" qualify as ""books?"" I thought that was a sin rule?"
0	"USERNAME You're right. The amount of humour varies, though, depending on the writer and the era. Many of the comics involve dry, dark or ironic observations. However, the Marvel Knights series involves crossovers with other Marvel characters, and they're full of sly gags and jabs at tropes and characters (like Frank using Spiderman as a human shield against the Russian). Even the MAX version of Frank who is about as dark and scary as they come still finds dark amusement in things, especially the idiocy of his targets. ""I don't smile much. Don't smile ever. But if I did, this would be one.""."
0	TIMESTAMP, the shotgun made a smiley-face in the car windshield. And it was not sinned. That's a sin for on the guys sinning this movie.
0	the punisher through this montage of clips didn't really punish anyone
0	Finally!!!!!
0	fucking love this movie
0	"Should have gone with ""Once upon a time in Mexico"" for Cinco de Mayo."
0	I'm sorry but this movie is really good.
0	RIP John Pinette.
0	This should have had a mention in the video.
0	"#9, the phrase is ""look, listen and feel"" for breathing and a pulse. I can vouch for them that we actually do check like that, though typically we have someone to check for a radial pulse at the same time as well."
0	TIMESTAMP You know a sin is bad when Jeremy accidentally chuckles while saying it. Maybe Jeremy was in a good mood, because it happens again at TIMESTAMP and TIMESTAMP.
0	I wonder, did this take place before Saints Row or after Saints Row 4 and this is in a future timeline when the Saints find a new planet for humanity, kill Frank Castles family and he becomes the Punisher.
0	In Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you!
0	everything wrong with the boondock saints. you know you wanna
0	Sin Blade next!
0	would love to see a deadpool sins video :D
0	This was way better than the Dolph Lundgren version, although that was watchable if really cheesy.
0	TIMESTAMP took me long enough but I realized he is John Pinette
0	Come on, if it was me… it would be two to three years to get that beard.
0	USERNAME but it isnt you, is it
0	God I love this movie even though it's really stupid.
0	Down Periscope!
0	Are you doing punisher : war zone next?
0	missed the crow rip off with the cars
0	the popsicle scene was straight from the comics
0	Wtf is this... What happen to doing recent movies that were highly acclaimed?
0	EVERYTHING WRONG WITH 1997 HERCULES BY DISNEY
0	USERNAME Chuatico My Greek Myth class did this, oh the hilarity.
0	USERNAME Eternal that is actually pretty cool. And sounds fun. Lucky
0	You have to do deadpool
0	Should be a sin for you calling a Chevy Blazer a Jeep.
0	warzone was so much better
0	Please do Punisher: War Zone now.
0	Did he say Buenos Aires wasn't real?
0	The sin is for spelling it wrong: Buenos Aries insted of Buenos Aires.
0	I actually liked this movie. And, it was a lot better than Punisher: War Zone (which you should sin next). Other movies to sin: Push; Hancock.
0	he was listening for breathing not pulse lol
0	One Batch, Two Batch, Penny and Dime
0	The only thing REALLY wrong with this movie is that it didn't get a sequel. Thomas Jane is the best Frank Castle/Punisher ever and they have should have built a trilogy around him.
0	It was supposed to happen but never got off the ground because of because of studio politics and creative differences between Thomas Jane and Johnathan Hensleigh (the director).
0	USERNAME Marand Um, no.
0	Even though it's a different actor, Punisher: War Zone is the official sequel to this movie, even if some would like to forget it's existence.
0	agreed
0	Same I loved Thomas Jane as the punisher
0	USERNAME but in War Zone he had a daughter, and in the Thomas Jane one he had a son.
0	USERNAME why forget it's existence? I thought it was a fun, insane, and badass movie. I just wished that Thomas Jane was still The Punisher though
0	USERNAME Bandog That was really dope
0	USERNAME Marand Have you seen Jon Bernthal's Punisher?
0	USERNAME Marand I hope you've seen The Punisher: Dirty Laundry, not a sequel but a great short featuring Thomas Jane
0	USERNAME shit, I binge watched season 2 of Daredevil the night it came out. Couldn't stop watching it BECAUSE of his version of the Punisher. Loved it and love that they're giving him his own series.
0	USERNAME Seen Dirty Laundry, loved it. That's just more fuel for my fire of wanting a Thomas Jane sequel. Done by the same dude that did the amazing gritty Power Rangers short. Loved that shit too.
0	USERNAME Marand And which version do you prefer? Thomas Jane or Jon Bernthal?
0	USERNAME For tv, definitely Jon. But Jane's had a bigger more epic feel. So if it's a choice between which one I'd rather see in a movie, it's Thomas Jane. I'd rather see a Thomas Jane sequel on the big screen than see Jon show up in the MCU. But characters like him, Jessica and DD don't belong in the pussy assed, fairy tale, bad joke making, happy ending Disney version of Marvel. I'd rather see Thomas Janes Punisher in a movie with Deadpool. That'd be legit.
0	USERNAME Marand Well technically speaking, Jon's is in the MCU. I get what you mean though. My personal preference lies with Jon Bernthal's take, though in fairness, I haven't gotten to see the whole Thomas Jane movie. (I'm young, gimme a break). When the Punisher Netflix series comes out, I'll binge watch all the Punisher movies before the series, and that'll help give me a more solid stance. By the way, I'd like to mention that normally I don't form opinions like that without seeing both things, but I really liked Bernthal's take.
0	USERNAME's Turntable Time Machine Rocksmash Attack (AKA The Mysterious Reuploader, Ace-edo Mask!) Because a lot of people think that one is absolutely horrible. I've never seen any of the Punisher movies. I have this one in my Netflix queue as well as Daredevil season 2, just been to busy to watch them.
0	USERNAME Starbird It's still the official sequel. I haven't seen any of them. I have the first one and Daredevil S2 on Netflix and was going to watch them back to back. I don't know, possibly a mistake during the script.
0	USERNAME If you actually spent time watching the films, you would see that it is not a sequel, but a reboot. The son in the punisher has a good amount of screen time and him being a boy seemed pretty essential to the script. In War Zone, Frank having a daughter is also essential to that script, it allows him to feel empathy toward another little girl witch also leads to him protecting her. The genders of these characters are relevant in both these films, and it was in no way a mistake in the script. Also I have never seen a single official statement regarding War Zone being a sequel.
0	USERNAME Marand I'm guessing you never watched daredevil?
0	USERNAME Marand Thomas Jane is actually in the Dare Devil series?
0	USERNAME T
0	USERNAME Marand Have you checked out the new one I mean l do love this movie and Thomas Jane's Punisher but it is still really good.
0	one of my favorite marvel movies
0	Feels very Miami Vice
0	also the scene where the guy shoots the knife ,the camera pans back to the guy who shot the blade after he killed the guy standing and there is still a blade in the knife
0	Who else thought this was an old video before looking at the comments?
0	This movie had horrible acting
0	Was that...John Pinette?
0	"""Nay Nay"" - John Pinette, love his comedy"
0	Notice how on the part of the handicapped parking space, the sin count goes from 97 to 107
0	This movie reminded me that John Pinette is dead... ding sniffle.
0	Ok, i won't be te first neither the last to say that Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina
0	True But Buenos ARIES was what was written
0	USERNAME K Jajajajajajaja. True.
0	Joke of the day: what is blue and purple and sits at the bottom of a pool? a baby with slit floaties. What is red and yellow and floats at the top of a pool? floaties with a slit baby
0	I honestly enjoy this movie
0	Regardless of the sins, I love this movie
0	Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina
0	But the sin was for them writing Buenos ARIES
0	TIMESTAMP I was half expecting Bucky to walk up and start punching her in the face before he chokes out her kid
0	Now you gotta review the Punisher reboot!
0	"Did any one notice ""soup up a car"" instead of ""supe up a car"
0	USERNAME D ding
0	TIMESTAMP Movie unintentionally inspires Gangnam-Style many year later USERNAME
0	The biggest sin? Punisher: Warzone. This movie was really enjoyable
0	do deadpool
0	Everything wrong with John Wick
0	Vin Disel as Riddick playing Dom in XXX
0	This is not a great movie but come on it's better then Elektra........
0	Waterworld! That's full of sins
0	I thought this was the one Marky Mark was in, but no, that was Max Payne... Can we do Max Payne
0	but why is this not in new york?
0	So this is the crappy superhero movie you were talking about
0	I love the hell out of this movie. It has its bad moments, but it tries to take you through a character driven story, versus big fight scenes. Something current Marvel movies only seen to care about now.
0	TIMESTAMP the knife blade is back in the grip after it shot out ! hahaha
0	THOMAS JANE IS THE BEST PUNISHER. DOLPH WAS TRASH, THE GUY FROM WARZONE WAS TRASH, AND SHANE FROM THE WALKING DEAD IS JUST PLAYING SHANE FROM THE WALKING DEAD!
0	USERNAME Hayes Oh come on. I love Thomas Jane Punisher aswell but the new punisher is the superior one. It's alot more accurate to the comics,aswell.
0	"USERNAME guy I'm kind of trolling. But seriously, I hate the term ""accurate to the comics"". There are dozens of Punisher story lines and out of all 4 actors, the one from Warzone fits the character the closest as he looks like and acts like 90% of the comics. But Jane is still my favorite."
0	"USERNAME Hayes Eh true I should have not said ""accurate to the comics"" since there's tons of depictions of the Punisher and each screen depiction varies. Warzone could have been a good movie if it was done well."
0	Maybe because Shane from the Walking Dead actually IS the Punisher, with the exception that the wife and son are not legitimately his and haven't been killed yet (by the time he was alive). That's clearly the reason why he was chosen. Btw, can you take if easy with the capital letters? You can express yourself just as clearly with regular ones.
0	USERNAME guy I agree. Too bad Warzone was such a poor movie.
0	Wow, a bunch of comments literally popped up after I wrote mine. Sorry, hadn't noticed you were trolling.
0	USERNAME 25 Its all good man lol Just wanted to have a little fun in the comments
0	I just wanna say that Shane is hot!! And he can punish me anytime. Punish me, daddy!
0	Do bellboy 1 and 2
0	Fuck you Cinema sins. This movie was and is by far one of the better Marvel Movies. You claiming this movie was bad is invalid.
0	Yeah fuck cinema sins for having an opinion, fuck that dude.(sarcasm) Fucking retard.
0	"USERNAME Sparks It's not an opinion. They use ""sins"" in the movies to back up why they think the movie is bad. When in reality that Punisher movie was by far one of the best marvel movies."
0	USERNAME Holland As a joke you idiot. They do it for fun. Most of them are correct most of them are for jokes.
0	One of my favorite movies, and the director's cut fills in the holes quite well.
0	I didn't even know this movie existed
0	No sin for the Punisher logo made from exploding cars at the end?
0	Do zootopia
0	I'm just waiting for how many sins CinemaSins will issue for Civil Wars big ass screaming titles for location all the fucking film.
0	They way you sin the locations being written on screen in every movie, makes me think you're gonna have a field day with Captain America Civil War.
0	Yes, feeling for someones pulse does typically require the use of two fingers and the placement of your ear near there face to listen fro and feel any breathing. Take a CPR course.
0	leafyishere would be great at this
0	Do the second Punisher failure
0	Think I saw this long time ago.
0	Please do Tron Legacy or Pixar's Cars
0	Mystery Science Theatre 3000 called. They wanted to remind you to stop ripping off their jokes from the 90's and making viewers believe you're actually some kind of half-ass comedian who believes has talent.
0	Why are you here?
0	Creed and Deadpool
0	Creed and Deadpool
0	Ha! Simpsons reference!
0	do saving private Ryan !!!
0	The real pity is that the whole thing with the 3 apartment-mates is a super awesome bit in the comics, spread out over a long time, really showing you how these broken, petty people managed to come together to find some single scraps of humanity in supporting each other. But of course the movie royally messes it up, partially due to sub-par acting/directing, and partially because they cast 'pretty people' for it.
0	Do everything wrong with the visit!
0	The Saints rule everywhere!
0	i have the strangest feeling Daredevil series is getting sinned and Daredevil with Batfleck is next unless it was already done and i missed it :D
0	ok, I had no fucking clue where the hell is Aguadilla bay, if you did you should go to jeopardy or some shit because you have an incredible knowledge of worthless information
0	"Have you done ""Fury"" yet? You should do fury."
0	TIMESTAMP this guy has obviously never read the Garth Ennis Punisher Comics in the late 90s or early aughts. Lots of black humor.
0	England, better than Tampa? USERNAME,000,000 sins to CinemaSins
0	No. Tampa is shit.
0	One of the most underrated movies ever.
0	i loved this movie so much i haven't never had any problems with movie i sill love this movie watched more then 10,000,000 times i fucking love this puinsher movie then daredevil season 2
0	Do the punisher 1989
0	Hey guys if your looking for movie titles you may want to consider the movie krampus its not a bad movie but has crap tons of inconsistencies.
0	#158 Again with describing why it's awesome like a bad thing...
0	157 @ TIMESTAMP Those wires are for bypassing your turn signal in the even your car is being towed; ie: the turn signals on the rearmost car will work according to the switches in the frontmost car.
0	I love your videos and everything but fat people are not a race LOL
0	He meant racism against Italians
0	Warzone kicked ass. It was like a real live version of a Punisher Max comic come to life!
0	"Is that the same yellow cabin that is blow up at the beginning of ""I am number 4""?"
0	"The real sin, at the end, is the bridge he does his, ""Call me Punisher."" That bridge is WAY too busy at anytime to be void of traffic that long."
0	USERNAME Dragon this isn't justice, this is punishment
0	Seriously? You do not sin the movie being over. Well, this movie being over.
0	#140 @ TIMESTAMP Okay, describing why it's awesome should be a negative sin.!
0	That was Wild Turkey 101. Bourbon. 10 sins for not knowing great cheap whiskey simply by the turkey and the red 101.
0	idk but for me this punisher was the best punisher movie for me
0	oh god, i hated this movie... utter trash
0	Elektra and now Punisher, well someones been watching Daredevil on Netflix
0	CinemaSins didn't notice that the blade that launched out or Franks knife at TIMESTAMP was suddenly was back in the handle at TIMESTAMP after imbedding itself in the guys throat. CinemaSins Sin Counter USERNAME
0	"I know I'm the minority but I love this movie. It captured the tone of the comics perfectly, considering that it was (loosely) based off Garth Ennis' ""Welcome Back Frank"" run on The Punisher. The fight with the Russian is a personal highlight. It's far from perfect, but I still think it's underrated. And go fuck yourself."
0	"USERNAME Allan Poe its funny because there's another POS channel, I already forget the name, that sin the living shit out of Tom Jane's Punisher when his movie and ""Dirty Laundry"" are pretty damn faithful recreations of specific comics... the fker's response was ""well maybe they SHOULDN'T be"" uh ok, seriously wtf. You can't have it both ways bruuuuh. I loved giant russian dude. I thought the popsicle torture scene was brilliantly executed! He was trying to flip someone to his side. Why are people so sick they would want to see actual torture, wtf??? I loved guitar assassin dude. I loved that whole freaking movie. RIP SeaQuest Jaws dude. :( :( I tear up at his part every time. Damnit. :( Anyway massive props to TJ and to this movie. He did a fantastic job and this is a great movie. He completely makes Travolta rip his own life apart, rubs his face in it, then kills him. In the director's cut he does this to a SECOND person who equally deserves it, but sure don't want to confuse people with facts and the truth, ya know. Glad I found another like-minded individual. Take care buddy."
0	"USERNAME Allan Poe Wow, I was about to say ""That's fine, these videos are meant for comedy anyways, so no one's gonna swarm you for having a positive opinion about the movie, these videos aren't suggesting you shouldn't like the movies."", then you said go fuck yourself."
0	USERNAME that's an inside joke, it's a quote from the film. I didn't actually mean that people who disagree should go f themselves.
0	USERNAME Allan Poe ;p he didn't get it, sigh. :/ you immediately can tell people who aren't punisher fans in like 5 seconds, I swear.
0	"USERNAME Allan Poe Ahh, I see, sorry, I assumed you were just being an average Youtube commenter. My bad. I also enjoyed this movie by the way, so you're not alone. Despite that I still found this video funny, I try not to ever take anything he says seriously, even if he doesn't like it I don't feel insulted for having a different opinion. USERNAME Paladin Well you're wrong, I've seen the movies (and enjoyed them enough to watch them more than once, something rare for me), owned the PS2 game, and the hoodie I use the most has the Punisher skull on it, sure I'm not a super fan (didn't read the comics) but the reason I didn't get the joke was I haven't seen the films in like 10 years... ""go fuck yourself"" was not memorable enough for me to remember for that long. So don't claim to know that I'm not a fan please."
0	USERNAME what cracks me up is that you were wrong in YOUR assumption and you're criticizing me. It's just... so funny. The irony. So yea, no. Yeah.. no. Bye!
0	USERNAME Paladin Why are you being a dick? Yes I was wrong, I assumed he was just being an average Youtube commentator, but where I just assumed a joke as being serious (which is a fair assumption in the comment section, where you lose much from just text), you made claim to know that I wasn't a fan simply because I didn't pick up on a joke, and at-least I admitted I was wrong, I dunno why you had to start name calling because I dared correct you and say that I was a fan. Edit: and now you deleted your comments... this is why I always assume people in the comments are just out to be dicks.
0	USERNAME sorry about that, I should have been clear about that.
0	USERNAME Allan Poe That's alright lol, just a misunderstanding.
0	Can you please do Mr. Magoriums Wonder Emporium
0	Do a sin count on the comments, just go through all the comments on your videos and make fun of them.
0	"#90 @ TIMESTAMP You missed ""dropping the glass makes it explode into a berjillion pieces"". Srly; liquor glass can survive short falls to the floor. Almost as though the manufacturer had reason to believe the person holding it might get drunk and drop it..."
0	This movie is almost as bad as actually having to live in Tampa.
0	TIMESTAMP to be fair, I can't imagine a lot of people outside of America have heard of the city. I get that its a running joke whenever a movie tells you the location of a scene, but in pretty much all the other cases where you've sinned it, pretty well nobody wouldn't have needed the extra information.
0	Can someone please explain the Popsicle Torture scene. Like how is rubbing a Popsicle on him hurting him?
0	He thinks his back is going numb because it's the blowtorch cutting into him.
0	How does he not sin the end scene where Frank Castle apparently wires several dozen cars to explode in flames just so they look like a skull from a high vantage point? Who was supposed to have seen it? How many hours would it have taken to rig all those cars for a sight gag that no one but us the audience saw?
0	Everything wrong with John Wick
0	"TIMESTAMP Should be ""Kevin Nash is not tearing his quads in this scene."""
0	still love it, think you were to harsh and need to take 10 off for roll credits punisher!
0	#59 @ TIMESTAMP Yeah. Gunshot wounds take at least a month to heal from.
0	This was a weak effort. About half the sins weren't problems or even jokes, just observations. Some of the sins were for supposedly not following the comics, and then a good deal of them were following the comics. This whole film is loosely based on Welcome Back Frank, with some PWZ thrown in. Also sinning the Punished for being tough and good with guns is like sinning Superman for flying.
0	This was a weak effort. About half the sins weren't problems or even jokes, just observations. Some of the sins were for supposedly not following the comics, and then a good deal of them were following the comics. This whole film is loosely based on Welcome Back Frank, with some PWZ thrown in. Also sinning the Punished for being tough and good with guns is like sinning Superman for flying.
0	THANK YOU SO MUCH! FINALLY!
0	I could be wrong about this, but a gangland style slaughter tends to involve a victim and their entire family. So, the article's title fits.
0	"#54 @ TIMESTAMP Gunshot wounds are not magic ""kill holes"". You can be shot about a dozen times and keep on ticking as long as nothing important is hit. Lungs can function with holes punched in them."
0	I liked this movie, despite how inaccurate and corny it is. Apparently, not many other people do...
0	Sin 98, it wasn't his car, he was trying to get the car a ticket, that was Saints wifes car, part of Castles plan to make him think his wife was having an affair.
0	USERNAME don't bother trying to confuse anyone with the legitimate plot. It's over everyone's head. This isn't the first youtuber to completely misunderstand the plot to this great movie. Pisses me off... One of my favorite movies. Holy crap, having to pay attention to a plot. I mean... whaaaaat?
0	I was waiting for this video for the longest.
0	lucky means out of random odds you tend to get the better side of things blessed means a higher power is rigging the odds in your favor although I guesss you could say luck is just anothor word for blessed
0	#31 @ TIMESTAMP Buenos Aires is a lot of places.
0	"WILL SOMEBODY PLEAAAAAAAAASE TEACH THIS ASSHOLE THE DEFINITION OF ""RACIST""? HE CLEARLY DOESN'T KNOW WHAT IT MEANS."
0	That's racist.
0	And you're a dumbass for not realizing he's doing it for jokes fucktard.
0	USERNAME Sparks I know it's for jokes cocksucker but he uses the word racist when it doesn't fit. Count yourself lucky you're not face to face with me. You'd lose some teeth asshole.
0	USERNAME MacKinnon Lol OH LOOK WE GOT A BADASS OVER HERE!! Get the fuck out of here kid if you're gonna try to act tough over the internet.
0	Tampa, Virginia. Bad joke, Cinema Sins
0	He doesnt roll off the dock he is blown off the dock lol
0	Why all the digs on Tampa? It's not a terrible city. There are some bad parts but it's growing and becoming nicer.
0	#23 You forgot alligators as a pest that can get in. And pythons.
0	TIMESTAMP Oppa Gangland-style..........I had to
0	Yes... Yes, you did. :)
0	#10 @ 40 I thought that was on purpose. Frank's coworkers left him zipt up to screw with him.
0	You forgot about how in the scene where she goes to kiss Frank, her hand is on his face, then in the next shot, it's gone, then in the next shot it's back again.
0	do my movie next
0	Wasn't the Popsicle torture taken directly from the comics?
0	Think so.
0	USERNAME Yeah?
0	USERNAME Yes, it was taken directly from the comics. Punisher War Zone if I'm not mistaken.
0	USERNAME Morgans So... minus one sin?
0	USERNAME No? I'd think that just means he's sinning the comics for having this in there too.
0	USERNAME shrugs
0	You might as well cover the Dolph Lundgren version of the Punisher next just to complete the set.
0	!
0	I second that !!
0	USERNAME I think the biggest sin to Dolph Lundgren's Punisher is that he didn't wear that iconic skull symbol on his shirt.
0	the part with harry heck, look at the knife, it's still there after he shoots it...........your welcome
0	Love this movie. This movie made me a fan of Thomas Jane. Granted, I know a lot of people really hated this movie, but try watching it from the perspective of someone who had never, up until the point of watching this movie, read a comic. Amazing.
0	Batman says if you kill a killer, the amount of killers in the world stays the same, punisher says if you kill all the killers, there's only 1 left
0	"Do ""The Princess Bride"" It is one of the best comedies ever. But no movie is without sin."
0	I second this. Especially after it has been quoted so many times in previous Cinemasins episodes
0	USERNAME Miller It has? INCONCEIVABLE!
0	Jeep=s10 blazer
0	Rather disappointed you keep on sinning movies for having heroes who treat murderous scum like murderous scum. Granted, this movie is terrible, even for macho-films, but I really think it would benefit a channel built on humorous nit-picking to learn the difference between killing and murder, or at least justice and vengeance.
0	Um, the Punisher is not really a 'hero'. He is much more similar to a serial killer.
0	USERNAME Wood I would argue he's more akin to an executioner, but, that is also why I said their is also a distinction between justice and vengeance. The Punisher is, indeed, vengeful. But, rather than make that distinction, the video goes on trying to equate killing a murderous gangster as NOTHING but a bad thing.
0	No sin from stealing the wife and child death scene from Mad Max?
0	sentence: Tampa lol Tampa is a giant suck hole, lived there for most of my life.
0	Fuck off, you fucking useless asshole, I loved this movie. Get the fucking stick out of your ass
0	You first
0	USERNAME K sure, provided you'd let me shove that stick in your cunt afterwards
0	USERNAME Pass You're not my type
0	I don't think that'll be your decision to make lol
0	USERNAME Yeah..... definitely not my typ
0	And you'd be keeping that whore mouth shut
0	The saddest part about these is that I've seen them all so I can't sit here and just watch all of them
0	Civil war's out, but you guys have already done all Marvel movies. Any chance to get a random movie with Downey or Evans in it? Like, you know, Tropic Thunder?
0	at least the punisher game based on this movie was self aware of its cheesiness
0	Should have subtracted a sin for rolling credits after the character says the title.
0	Wow, I just watched this the other night for the first time.
0	"Go read ""Welcome Back, Frank"" and then re-do this. :)"
0	more like, read it then sin it, too lol
0	USERNAME Seaphan It's a comic book; you can sin all you want on the printed page. :)
0	I fucking love this movie.
0	Hey cmon man dont hate on tampa thats where i live dude
0	This movie wasn't the best, but damn did you guys really have to stretch to find so many things wrong with it. I dunno if these are sins, because they aren't funny, or just a showcase at not understanding subtext, or subtlety at all. You were literally questioning things as they were being answered. And you seem to care way too much about Ben Foster, who two years later would star in another Marvel film prior to the establishment of the MCU, X3: X-Men United; which was obviously where that series took a massive shit after they let Ratner shit all over it. And now Ben is being a jackass yet again by dressing up in bad cosplay for the upcoming Warcraft film, and I really don't see anything else on his filmography that actually stands him above this quality of film.
0	USERNAME Eno booo Ratner booo! that's okay because Singer can fix it!
0	They're just sinning the movie for fun, get over it. Fuck.
0	Booo, internet trolls, booo. Yeah, it was fun when they actually sinned films for points that were actually on cue. This whole video felt obligated just to get the movie out of the way that they could barely come up with anything solid to peg it for.
0	USERNAME Eno especially since this was a pretty decent movie, to which he gave no props. :(
0	USERNAME Paladin Right? Overall, it may not have been spectacular, but it had some pretty killer scenes.
0	USERNAME Eno yea, and it was just plain a smart movie. The way he just flat out psychologically and emotionally wrecks the villain by the end... is so much more brutal than any played out stupid torture or whatever. It's a different type of punishment that I can legitimately appreciate and it is of absolutely zero shock that it's over most people's heads. But some of us, a small population, can appreciate it. And we get mocked, and big freakin deal, but at least we can find each other ya know. We just look at where are all the sheep are throwing shit.
0	You guys are acting like as if this movie should've been praised.
0	he parked in the handicap spot to get the car get a ticket and make it look like the wife of the bad guy was at a hotel with the gay henchman
0	I may sound like I'm being picky here and sometimes I take things to seriously but I work in the hospital so when that guy was checking his pulse he was also checking his breathing
0	I hate to be this guy I really do... but the popsicle torture scene was actually in one of the comics. And it was as awesome then as it was in the movie.
0	Fuck you I live in Tampa better than any shit bag city you live in.
0	USERNAME Brewer Tampa sucks monkey balls.
0	"The marquee actually translates to ""Good Morning Pablo"""
0	USERNAME Patriot So what would a Good Morning Pablo film festival be about, then?
0	Still a sin, because it's a terrible lazy name idea.
0	Still better than war zone.
0	Sin the movie 9!
0	"next you gotta do the classic ""Conan the Barbarian"" with young Arnold. nothin wrong with that movie!"
0	Can you do a everything wrong with FURY? (That movie is the best)
0	you mean once upon a time there were 3 punisher movies? all none of them are very good?
0	Such a great movie, and they never made a sequel, there is a 10 minute or so short called dirty laundry, but not the same.
0	Maybe some day we'll get a good Punisher movie. For what I would imagine the easiest superhero to adapt to a movie, they seem to have a lot of problems doing it.
0	I think he's getting a spin off on Netflix
0	USERNAME T yeah, which I'm excited for. They did pretty good in Daredevil with him.
0	USERNAME Detective Wobbaffet I agree.I think he really stole the show
0	You forgot the Crow rip off that many action films have done.
0	If you're talking smack about Brandon Lee... >:C
0	The blowtorch torture is taken directly from the comics, and I believe Garth Ennis has said that is his favourite Punisher scene.
0	Do The Cabin In The Woods
0	TIMESTAMP get it right you fucker, passport is totally capitalized on that file
0	Russian wheres waldo that got me man
0	REDO THE DARK KNIGHT TRILOGY!!!! PLZ!
0	AT LEAST DO TDK AND TDKR! BATMAN BEGINS VIDEO IS OK!!!!
0	"""We aren't lucky, we are dead"""
0	Bruce lee
0	There is a youtube sequel call Dirty laundry I highly recommend you check out!
0	hey Tampa is cool
0	Hey the ice block sins a no go. I've burnt myself with a gas torch and yes it is ice cold. Like you know its hot but your brain processes it as cold. Its disconcerting. Although its wasn't painful for about 2hours. Then words can't express. Your hand feels like its inside a furnace. Not just this coffees a bit hot but holy shit I just put my hand in a deep fryer.
0	I live in tampa and no sight in this movie resembles it..
0	Sunshine skyway bridge, 100 north Tampa building, the parking lot at the end, the apartment building he was living in, the street where he killed the Asian guy, etc.
0	I'm surprised they didn't say anything about how the exploding cars in the end of the movie formed the skull; unless I missed something, that must have taken an insane amount of time to set up.
0	"You think Cinema Sins will do Deadpool when it comes out on DVD? I know that ""no movie is without sin"" but for the life of me, I could not find anything wrong! I'm curious on what they'll do."
0	Ok Cinema Sins, there are two more Punisher movies to do.
0	Same frank castle from Daredevil?
0	USERNAME Eubanks Different actor, of course; same character, though.
0	I actually found that film ok :)
0	Thats fuckin right
0	The pulse thing is actually regular training. When you check the pulse you lower your head to their mouth facing the chest to see if they are breathing as well. So that is actually pretty accurate.
0	he parked in the handicap spot intentionally to get a ticket so howard saint would think his wife didnt go to the movie theatre like she was supposed to.
0	you should do John wick
0	Do Honey, I Shrunk the Kids!
0	I live in Tampa
0	I live in Orlando
0	USERNAME Exo/ SH1NR4 T3N531 i'm so sorry
0	USERNAME North Dakota For what?
0	The neighbors are from the Garth Ennis comic series which was awesome - and they were much bigger cartoons.
0	I actually like this movie, and I think the scene with the Russian is hilarious.
0	this movie was AWESOME
0	Everything wrong with Catwoman; that movie was MADE for you guys to rip apart.
0	Russian Waldo. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
0	Sin 10. Paramedics do that to check pulse with fingers and to get a better angle looking at the chest to see if they are breathing
0	[urge to be a knowitalldick overpopwering] the scene w the Popsicle was actually in the comic and one of the only things i liked about the movie. there now that i got my doucheness out of hte way i can go back to enjoying an great video.
0	Thank god Netflix saved the Punisher
0	Do Scarface
0	You should really take some of the source material into consideration. the entire Russian scene was straight out of the comics.
0	"USERNAME Giniewski Asking Cinemasins to actually learn about source material for anything is like asking Tyrion Lannister not to drink. The dude goes too far up his own ass as far as the idea that ""the books don't matter,"" is concerned to the point where something OBVIOUSLY meant to be an adaption becomes easy for him to take shots at because ""lol, what's understanding of a series' already set in stone lore that can't be explained in a movie mean hurr durr."""
0	"Please do ""Everything wrong with Hellboy"""
0	Everything wrong with Silent Hill or Mulholland Dr.
0	You should do forest gump
0	this is one of my all time favorite action movies :)
0	i cant believe I liked this movie when I was a kid
0	Do The Green Hornet! I've been waiting for that one!
0	Can you do 'The Machinist' next
0	You should do John Wick
0	Everything wrong with Howard the Duck
0	OBAN GANGLAND STYLE !!!!!!!!!
0	I understand the sinnery, butI do not understand the hatred. It is not the smartest movie, but it is perfectly fine.
0	DO LAZER TEAM
0	YES, THIS ^^^^^^^^^^^
0	Torturing and harassing Howard's mean and family sounds like punishing to me.
0	No mention of the fact that Frank's wife and son's murder is a complete rip off of the first Mad Max? Would have thought that'd be an easy few sins.
0	EVERYTHING WRONG WITH TARZAN!!!! Please?
0	"TIMESTAMP... Hate to nitpick, but you've clearly never taken a first aid course. Or at least, you never paid attention. He's doing a ""look, listen, and feel"" where you watch the chest and listen/feel to see if he's breathing, and can be done while simultaneously checking for a pulse. This is because sometimes the pulse is too weak to be detected."
0	I was going to say that also.
0	He said 15 min less but it was TIMESTAMP seconds
0	Everything wrong with Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico
0	USERNAME Bond What about El Mariachi?
0	USERNAME Well it be interesting to see the first movie ever to have a negative sin count because let's face it, a movie that only cost $7000 to make should automatically have a million sins subtracted.
0	That's my least favourite punisher anyway
0	The interrogation scene is lifted directly from the comics
0	which one ended with the Jesus Saves sign..that was kind of badass with him in front of it showing the right balance of good and bad~~
0	Add another sin to the counter for the small laugh during sin 53.
0	And 64. And 71.
0	Add another sin to the counter for the small laugh during sin 53.
0	"I love how many of these you guys are putting out lately! I really do love this show, and it has effected me forever. Every TV show, commercial, or movie I watch, I sin them for every cliche, every horribly performed or written line, and all the inconsistencies that pulls the viewer out of the moment to say ""wtf???"". I would very much like to request the movie "" Wing Commander"" to be sinned. It's a gold mine of sins! Hell, I could even make a complex and in depth list of all the sins, and send it your way to save you some time picking the sins out in the first place. Anyway, love the work! Keep it up, and I'll keep watching! :-D Thanks USERNAME !!!"
0	12 angry men!!
0	I take it this is not the punisher movie they did on HDTGM that they actually liked?
0	Pretty sure that was punisher warzone and it's fucking radical goofy ass fun
0	Why does he talk like Chris Evan's Captain America....wait
0	John Wick
0	Wasn't there 3 Punisher movies?
0	USERNAME yes but no one talks about the lundgreen one. It's like including turkish rambo in the rambo movies
0	it finally happens, they actually roll credits, and you sin it. you actually sin it.
0	😂 I live in Tampa, what's so bad about it...
0	"Please do ""Everest""."
0	"Of all things things I love about cinemasins, the one thing I hate is when he calls things that aren't racist, ""racist"". He sounds like the libertards standing outside protesting calling everything racist. Aside from that, good channel."
0	Can you do Princess Diaries?
0	anyone remember the video game
0	I remember renting it from blockbuster
0	Do Everything Wrong With The Revenant
0	He's not listening for a pulse. His head is down there to feel for breath and watch for the chest to rise and fall. They got that right. Sin removed!
0	Buenos Aires is a real place, its in argentina
0	It was spelled wrong
0	Still the best on screen punisher
0	USERNAME Wiggum Ray Stevenson was better.
0	This is one of those movies that I know it sucks but everytime it's on TV I can't help myself but to watch it.
0	So, I've watched a bunch of your stuff (love it, btw) and I can't tell if you're getting better at this, or if movies are getting worse.
0	Talkin shit on Punisher War Zone? For what it's worth it's hilariously entertaining.
0	But Buenos Aires is a place. In Argentina. it's the capital.
0	USERNAME Malonovich Buenos Ares is not.
0	With all the killing, torturing and anger in the movie I could not tell who the bad guys were because no one was eating an apple.
0	But Buenos Aires is a place. In Argentina. it's the capital.
0	im a falcons fan
0	Correction: TIMESTAMP That is the correct way to take an unconscious victim's vitals. The fingers on the neck check for a pulse and the EMT's head lowered to near the victim's is not just listening, but rather also WATCHING the victim's chest for respiration.
0	USERNAME&#39;s Studies Textbook Looking for this. If the person examining cannot feel the pulse (be it an obstruction or because unsure if it's the victim's pule or his) he can feel the breath of the patient on his ear.
0	USERNAME&#39;s Studies Textbook Learned that in the Army - also learned that a sternum rub can wake them up fast
0	this movie is like my guilty pleasure
0	TIMESTAMP classic Travolta
0	It's not a jeep it's a blazer, get your head out of your..OH never mind.
0	the pulse thing was also checking for breath, dumb dumb
0	which. without a pulse. he wouldnt have
0	USERNAME Bonaiuto you still check for it and if he recently entered cardiac arrest he could have breath but not a pulse.
0	USERNAME Bonaiuto If the person examining cannot feel the pulse (be it an obstruction or because unsure if it's the victim's pule or his) he can feel the breath of the patient on his ear.
0	*good morning pablo film festival
0	That's a Chevy s10 blazer, not a jeep
0	TIMESTAMP smiley face
0	Please do The Divergent series: allegiant next week!!!!😃
0	USERNAME ding!
0	It's not even out on Blu-Ray
0	Cinima Sins makes gods work easier determining who in hollywood goes to heaven or the other place.
0	How dare you, Ben Foster was great in Big Trouble. Also, that movie was great.
0	In mother Russia Waldo finds you. TIMESTAMP
0	Lmao he was pretending to be South African not German. Even more proof cinema sin's doesn't know shit.
0	CinemaSins, please help #MakeYouTubeGreatAgain.
0	john pinnette was great in this
0	"""I just want my kids back"" made me laugh too hard, thanks Arrested Development"
0	This is racist to Floridians...
0	Clive owen as the punisher could be interesting
0	USERNAME Just No.
0	USERNAME - maybe just once..yes?
0	YES finally you did this asshole.
0	Stop with all the racist sins. Seriously sometimes what they say is not even racist in any way and you only say it to add to the sin counter for some reason. It's not funny either so I honestly don't get why.
0	USERNAME Jesus It's because you're an idiot for not taking any jokes.
0	USERNAME Wash Jokes are supposed to be funny though dipshit.
0	USERNAME Wash Oh I guess I was supposed to laugh... odd.
0	USERNAME Gordon I know that, and do not insult me.
0	EVERYTHING WRONG WITH PULP FICTION
0	TIMESTAMP They actually shot him twice. One time before that scene when the truck was coming at him.
0	wait no hint as to next week's videos?
0	TIMESTAMP the shotgun blast left a smiley face.
0	Did anyone notice sins going from 97 to 107 at TIMESTAMP
0	"It's pronounced ""aguadiya"" not aguadila Oh shit hey puerto rico (i live here, even though none of you asked)"
0	Check out TIMESTAMP. You can see the seatbelts and stuntman. USERNAME sin for missing the sin.
0	Next do Everything Wrong With Daredevil Season 1
0	thank God Netflix fixed the punisher
0	So calling a fat guy fat is racist? When did being fat become a race?
0	USERNAME krine its a joke he says it all the time
0	USERNAME krine You must be new, anything and everything is racist with them, sexism, homophobia, basically any insult relating to someone's body or personality is racist.
0	USERNAME krine It's a joke
0	USERNAME krine its a common gag of cinema sins to say thats racist
0	USERNAME Thanks-I don't watch enough of these to catch the joke. I withdraw my comment.
0	USERNAME ymous I don't watch enough of these to catch the joke. I withdraw my comment.
0	TIMESTAMP Why does the knife he just shot a blade out of still has a blade?
0	USERNAME Korren it has two
0	thank you I did not think anyone else seen that
0	USERNAME After the blade shoots out, just before that, we clearly see the knife with no blade.
0	The movie had problems but still was amazing. The fact that the punisher actually PUNISHED his victims , think about it. He stole his money , made him kill his best friend and wife , killed both of his sons , took out his henchman , THAN dragged him through a parking lot on fire. THATS fucking punishment and was enjoyable to see on screen. The punisher in the comics would've just shot Howard Saint in the face point blank. This version was a lot smarter and actually punished him
0	*then.
0	It was very Greek Tragedy of him which was what was cool about this telling of The Punisher. I agree.
0	"USERNAME For the record, this draws heavily on an actual comic book series, written by the legendary Garth Ennis, where a lot of the events and characters featured appear (including Harry Heck, The Russian, Bumpo etc). The Punisher ""punishing"" people is definitely a feature , it may not be in keeping with the more traditional ""kill 'em all"" mantra of the other series (like ""Punisher Max"" which inspired the other movie, also written by Ennis) but it's still part of the character. I liked this movie a lot too."
0	USERNAME exactly, like the popsicle torture method was in the comics, i even have the issue, the film had problems but i still found it amazing
0	All that's true, but the movie was still hammy and over-acted. Plus, the actor looks nothing like Frank Castle and is WAY too much of a Hollywood pretty boy.
0	"USERNAME Garth Ennis does a great series for avatar press called ""war stories""."
0	USERNAME He went Timothy Dalton on everybody.
0	i dunno... tom jane absolutely nailed the character; he just wasn't given a lot to work with. 'warzone' gave us one scene that actually looked like the punisher, but his character spent most of the movie brooding about how he had made a mistake that was totally out of character. both movies made mistakes with their treatment, and both movies had bits they got right. i would have personally loved to have seen tom jane do the first sequence from the first volume of punisher MAX, where frank shows up and kills everybody with an m60 and claymores. the issue is that jonathan hensleigh set out to make a western, which he arguably succeeded in doing; but i would have wanted more violence and a lot more killing. to me frank shouldn't have dragged howard saint through the fire; he should have dowsed him with petrol and lit him up. i just feel that there was way to much restraint, too much timidity in that production. they had to make him a happy family man who loved his dad. they made him a brooding drinker (totally out of character); when frank needs stress relief, he doesn't drink; he goes out and kills criminals. he doesn't come home and cry about it. he kills bad guys until he has no more to kill, then he goes home and works out who to kill next. it's never about revenge. it's a relentless mechanical impulse in his brain. in the end of the hensleigh film, we get the sense that frank has somehow found closure to the loss of his family, and that punisher is a product of that closure, which is preposterous.
0	"USERNAME THREE NINE SIX EIGHT you do realize there are comic book issues where frank was EXACTLY like this right ? one series had him being a chronic drinker and more so ""torturing"" criminals instead of going rambo, wheres the punishment? you have to remember this is the man who killed his family, so of course he's going to do more than just shoot him in the head"
0	USERNAME well, i haven't read those stories; i'll have to get on that - what writer are we talking about? but even if that's the case, the torture scene with the icicle - i'm not saying it didn't make sense in the context of the story - it's just not really a punisher scene. i know frank tortures people for information; i know frank kills people in a brutal fashion to make a point, or just sometimes beats the living crap out of them, even kills people in a very deliberately painful manner in order to make himself feel better. i had no idea that he had ever been portrayed as a drinker though. i agree that howard saint was in for a particularly brutal end; i just don't feel that it was truly brutal enough. i mean, think about what he did to ma gnucci...
0	USERNAME Depends on who's writing him. Some have him as some kind of Rambo or Matt Cordell with brains. Others have him as a vigilante John Kramer.
0	USERNAME THREE NINE SIX EIGHT how wasn't it a punisher scene when it was pulled STRAIGHT FROM THE COMICS lmfao , the punisher is portrayed in many different ways , as the guy above me said
0	The MAX imprint is incredibly dark and violent (which Warzone was based on), while the Marvel Knights series is funnier and has stuff like Frank using Bumpo to crush the Russian to death (which this movie borrowed heavily from). Take your pick, there's plenty of Punisher to suit all tastes. :-)
0	USERNAME and the fact that spiderman 2 released that same year , it made sense that they chose the more lighter version , as the world wasn't ready for a darker superhero film yet
0	USERNAME Yeah, they probably weren't ready for Warzone, for sure! I love that film too (I'm guessing Jeremy will be doing it next, or soon), it's nice to see two films about the same character that manage to remain distinct from each other, and faithful to the source material, however varied it may be.
0	USERNAME I definitely liked this movie.
0	USERNAME war zone was more entertaining /visually appealing but the punisher despite its flaws was entertaining as a whole
0	No argument here. :-)
0	amazing? your taste in good movies are donkey level.
0	One of the things I love about the movie
0	USERNAME This movie sucked and this Punisher sucked, Ray Stevenson was the best Punisher. The Punisher never tortures the criminals, and doesn't make anyone to kill his friend and wife. He just goes in there and shoots everyone. That is the Punisher.
0	USERNAME, Dominator of Earth And you think that is more fun? Just killing everyone plain and simple like that is boring. Also that claim you make about him not torturing people? Now I've barely read any of the comics (due to comics being hard to get here) but just from reading comments on this video I have heard from a lot of people who say depending on the comics rendition of The Punisher, he does sometimes torture people. This movie takes creative liberties and to people like me, that works out good.
0	USERNAME If I were to change anything about the movie, it would be to make sure the actor playing Castle hit the gym a lot more before filming started (Castle is pretty buffed in the comics) and I would absolutely use ANYONE but John Travolta to play the arch villain.
0	USERNAME, Dominator of Earth Actually he did. He does so in the comics, especially when interrogating someone. He also did so in the video game which you can see if you play it.
0	USERNAME, Dominator of Earth how the hell is this not the punisher when that torture scene was IN THE COMICS ? Lmfao go read a comic book , there's dozens of different renditions of the punisher and a lot of them are just like this
0	Yes, he tortures the criminals if he needs information. Or is he a sadist?
0	USERNAME, Dominator of Earth yes. against criminals.
0	USERNAME I'm just happy he wasn't another superhero who lets the bad guy do bad stuff because he can't stop him because he's the good guy who can't do bad stuff even to the bad guy.
0	USERNAME hi
0	This movie was really good but like every movie it had its problem I liked it just as much as the avengers
0	btw can y'all help my song reach 1k, thank you URL
0	USERNAME No.
0	USERNAME It sounds just like what Hm Land Security would do.
0	Why does every vigilante superhero fall into the 'lost someone and is now hellbent on revenge'-trope? Not saying I don't like that story, it just feels like there's missed potential for creativity there.
0	USERNAME Verner To be kinda fair, that is literally the basis for the entire Punisher character.
0	"USERNAME Lavan I get that. I totally get that. The issue is that he's not the only one with that as basis for his character. Losing someone you love and trying to avenge them is the reason behind a lot of vigilante characters and it's what they're based on most of the time. I don't have an issue with the trope itself, I have an issue with its frequency. Know what I mean? Oh, I also don't think the movie is too bad. It gets a 5/10 and a ""Meh"" in my book. Not trashy enough to be fun and not well made enough to be a great movie. But it still was enjoyable and had some good moments."
0	USERNAME Verner I cant really think of any other justifiable reason to go on a murderous rampage
0	USERNAME K Joker Me neither. But we're both no professional writers I would assume, those guys are. So they should be able to come up with something more creative. What about a serial killer that can't be stopped by the police for whatever reason? What if the criminals stole something from the vigilante that was dear to him? How about someone thinking that they're a hero, finding out that they're not and instead caused unnecessary death and now they're trying to pay for their past mistakes? I don't know, I just feel like it would be great to have a bit of variation in our vigilante origin stories.
0	Do The Vacation
0	No one is saying that Buenos Díaz doesn't mean good day it means good morning and I know that's not what its translated to but that's how it's used
0	he was using his ear to check for breathing dumbass. 1 sin for cinemasins
0	Now do War Zone.
0	I actually love this movie
0	"PLEASE PLEASE SIN ""Its A Wonderful Life"" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
0	"PLEASE PLEASE SIN ""Its A Wonderful Life"" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
0	I actually really liked this movie. I also found the Dolph Lundgren Punisher pretty enjoyable in a campy corny way too and loved Punisher War Zone.
0	"""Jeep is actually a Chevy"""
0	I can't wait for the punisher show on Netflix
0	Incredible to see how far Punisher has come since this movie. Thank you Jon Bernthal, thank you.
0	You should do the Death Race remake from 2008 with Jason Statham
0	Thank God for Jon Bernthal.
0	do everything wrong with my channel
0	USERNAME Craft he's done that!
0	USERNAME i meant captn craft, like my channel
0	USERNAME i meant captn craft, like my channel
0	There were THREE Punisher movies. This one, Warzone with Ray Stevenson (I liked that one) and the incredibly bad and deserving of an EWW Dolph Lundgren one.
0	Please do everything wrong with Cruel Intentions!!!!
0	They actually rolled credits!
0	this movie wasn't that bad. Slow at times but not terrible.
0	dont let matt mcmuscles see this
0	You mean tweet him this repeatedly?
0	Well putting your face next to unconscious persons face to check to see if you can hear or feel that they are breathing is normal, but you would use your hands to point the face up, so the sin would go to that.
0	The Mummy Returns
0	... I just want my kids back
0	That was not a jeep
0	You forgot to sin the fact he had all that military grade weaponry and explosives, without setting off red flags every were.
0	Motha fucka! The Shredder killed with hot water and stairs? Fuck.
0	"How about ""Everything Wrong With Full Metal Jacket""??"
0	That's ricesist
0	USERNAME Sins to Jeremy for not knowing the blue SUV was a Chevrolet Blazer, not a Jeep.
0	"What's the song for the ""bloopers"" at TIMESTAMP?"
0	Honestly, kinda like this movje
0	The overweight Italian guy was played by comedian John Pinette. R.I.P.
0	I would love to see a Cinema Righteousness channel with a saint count,it might do well as a channel.
0	Maybe have a angel on one shoulder and devil on the other,at the end do a rally of sins and virtue.Then pass judgement and either let them into cinema heaven or hell.It might work.
0	Cinema virtue not righteousness.
0	Please do one on Saving Private Ryan
0	You forgot the one where he says acetylene burns at 2000 degrees
0	I swear this better be TIMESTAMP of praise and compliments otherwise if you say one bad thing about my favorite movie I will kill everything in sight.
0	So how was your killing spree?
0	forgot about blood know on suit when he comes out of body bag
0	Actually, this is shit. There was NOTHING wrong with the Punisher, it was PERFECT and much better than any other Marvel movie.
0	No Godfather audio when Travolta is with his dead son at the Morgue?!
0	Even though one or two sins were given for this film's non-faithful to comic moments, I would LOVE to see them sin Punisher: Warzone next! Please, Jeremy, please! :)
0	Punisher actually does the Popsicle torture in the comics
0	USERNAME Gore Glad somebody else said it. That's straight from an issue of Punisher War Zone, and I thought it was pretty damn hilarious in the comic.
0	"I'm adding a sin for missing the obvious: ""In Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you"" line."
0	"I'm uh... I'm not defending the popsicle torture scene, but uh... There's a point where you get blasted with a torch, it can actually feel cold - the nerves kinda get destroyed on the surface, but have something underneath (at least until they get cooked away, too). There's still some sensation there, and the brain can occasionally interpret it as... well... ""cold"". I mean... not that I imagine the torture victim knowing that's what a torch feels like, but... ""LET'S GO TO FLORIDA!"" <mouth bursts into flames>"
0	"Please do ""The Crow""!"
0	What's wrong with Big Trouble?
0	Take a sin off since Buenos Aires is a place, it's the capital of Argentina
0	You left out the part at the end when Frank blows up the parking lot with Travolta and an overhead shot shows that Frank purposefully planned for the explosion to be in the SHAPE OF A FUCKING SKULL. That was so stupid when I first saw it that I was shouting at the screen in disbelief.
0	Do everything Wrong With Unfriended
0	That would be like 8 hours long.
0	USERNAME Clarke go watch yourmoviesucks's review on it.
0	USERNAME Antilles And that wasn't even everything wrong with it :P
0	USERNAME Antilles I know but i want to See Cinemasins Take on unfriended
0	I actually really liked this movie :)
0	Do sins for alvin and the chipmunks.
0	TIMESTAMP It's referring to the inherent fraternity of being poor ass scum that sat down to have dinner together, the bonds of suffering and knowing an honest person when you see them.
0	I'm noticing a pattern with the Elektra movie and this movie. He's probably going to do a DareDevil movie next #thetvshowisbetter
0	He already did Daredevil.
0	The Popsicle scene was actually taken from one of the comics where Punisher did the exact same thing. URL
0	You should sin Despicable Me next, since The Secret Life of Pets is coming out this summer.
0	You guys really should do The Addams Family!!!!!
0	You should do the Punisher of 2008. Or is this one that?
0	Wait it's not the 2008 one.
0	You say that the 'Russian Where's Waldo' should be on steroids to not feel any pain from being stabbed, however, if you knew anything about the Punisher, you would know that the Russian is actually a cyborg and wouldn't feel pain anyway. Also, he doesn't die, the canon video game shows his return
0	"They disregard any other information when they sin a movie. They outlined that in their ""everything wrong with CinemaSins"" video"
0	That's...incredibly stupid
0	Y'all niggas need to stop fucking around and do Purple Rain.
0	USERNAME Fuck no. Moonwalker deserved it far more than Purple Rain does.
0	USERNAME Bond Purple Rain is culturally more important than Moonwalker. And Moonwalker should have been done years ago, you dummy, and not in the midst of the national mourning for Prince. Fuck outta here, you dimwit.
0	USERNAME I know it should've but it wasn't so Prince dying shouldn't mean that Purple Rain needs to be sinned. Plus I pretty sure Cinemasins doesn't want to deal with the headache of having to deal with so many people feeling butthurt so close after his death.
0	"That's another dumb argument. When Star Wars VII was coming out, they did IV, V, VI which means they can ""deal with the headache"" of so many requests. Doing Moonwalker would absolutely be stupid at this point and unnecessary - it's not a movie that has the cultural importance that Purple Rain does, nor is it relevant especially since Michael Jackson has been worm food over five years."
0	USERNAME Um are you really comparing a fucking sci fi nerd being butthurt over a movie as opposed to to music nerd being butthurt over someone dying? Purple Rain was a piece of shit movie and Prince was a fucking wacko, more so than Jackson was.
0	USERNAME Bond Purple Rain is a horrible movie - LOL! It is still important to our American culture. He won an Oscar and Grammy fer chrissakes. Jackson didn't win any prestigious awards for Moonwalker, dumb ass. And who cares if Prince was a wacko? Name me one genius who isn't a fucking weirdo! I do know one thing: Prince was never accused of fucking little boys. Fuck outta here, chump.
0	I can't believe you didn't sin the fat that Frank ejected a perfectly good shotgun shell that he could have used to fire at the truck right after his family was run down. Lame.
0	I really love this movie. I thought it was great
0	After watching this do you still love it
0	USERNAME Super Cinemasins doesn't change my opinion about a movie. Why won't u watch it yourself
0	Am I the only one who kind of liked the cowboy guitarist assassin, and thought he was badass for the 5 or so minutes he was alive?
0	The scene with him and the scene with the Russian are my two favorite parts of this movie. They seem so much like actual assassins that would get sent after the Punusher. (Granted, the Russian is from the comics, but i still enjoyed his portrayal).
0	Two Arrested Development references in one week? Love it.
0	i had a feeling on Tuesday it was gonna be this or Affleck's Daredevil. lol.....i actually liked this flick though. i do have to cut back on watching your vids.....i watched Dawn of Justice opening night and was sinning it out loud. lol
0	how about sinning Hellboy 2 the golden army next?
0	"""Buenos Aires is not a place."" Seems Cinema Sins slept through geography."
0	That's not how you spell it.
0	USERNAME Cop Not how you spell what? The capital of Argentina?
0	nvm. That's actually how you spell it.
0	one of my faves. Glad u got to it
0	Buenos dias, while in a direct translation does mean good days, is used in spanish to say good morning.
0	Another sin: the knife is still in after it was fired into his throat
0	A short range blast of buckshot has incredible power, it's like being slammed by a sledgehammer, even with body armor you get the wind knocked out of you. There are probably some pretty good pictures out there of the wounds...
0	Well the interrogation scene is from the comic book so that's why that was in there
0	I actually love this movie
0	You guys should do Blood Sport
0	Everything wrong with Four Brothers?
0	This movie is shit. This is why I prefer War Zone.
0	fyi, yes cars can have wires back there if they are for towing, but that limo clearly does not have a trailer hitch, so it's still a sin. fyi, I believe that wiring is from a uhaul tow kit.
0	this is racist
0	Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina you fucking disgrace. I thought you were better than a Neanderthal
0	You know you have to do War Zone next.
0	There are so many Pulp Fiction references in this movie with John Travolta and Quentin wait you should a cinema sins on Pulp Fiction
0	I still think this movie is awesome. Especially the scene where he puts that proximity mine on his other sons hand and if he drops it. Well. He won't be living.
0	Do The Punisher WAR ZONE.
0	"I love you, Jeremy! Your videos are awesome and entertaining. I hope you'll review ""Zootopia"" once it's out of theaters."
0	Now do War Zone.
0	final sin rips off matrix ending nearly
0	Can you do everything wrong with Mr Nobody?
0	or Monster House or Coraline?
0	Punisher wasnt bad, War Zone that followed was bad!
0	War Zone is effectively just Punisher MAX.
0	Shouldn't you have removed a sin for the ending?
0	this is my fav movie
0	When you check someone's pulse you also lean in close to listen for breathing, standard technique.
0	USERNAME I lernd dat in schule. I didnet lern grammr do...
0	USERNAME me may tu
0	USERNAME Man k
0	Pun Pun Kill Chan is at it again.
0	Do The 5th Wave!!!!
0	first electra, now is punisher, are you going to do daredevil???
0	He already did.
0	How about sinning Up? ...if you can make it through the first 20 minutes...
0	I live in Tampa and can confirm, it is a hellhole.
0	Buenos ares is a place , in aragantina
0	forbidden kingdom pleas
0	not a jeep a Chevy Blazer, at this point I have to assume your the kind of guy I could sell a fauxrrari too.
0	John Pinette...I'm gonna miss that guy.
0	"""Ah, fade to black the inept director's best friend."" Thanks for that one, that's definitely going on a T-shirt"
0	New Tampa is where its at.
0	"""in case you confused it with Agudila bay, Utah."" Right, because the existence of whatever that place is is common knowledge. Come on, man, you used to reserved that for obvious and widely known places, like Paris while they show the Eiffel Tower. Using it for random unknown places is just dumb."
0	"TIMESTAMP ""Bail who out?"" UUUUUHHHHHH.... The only guy who got arrested like 3 scenes ago maybe?"
0	One of my favorite movies of all time.
0	There are three punisher movies. I liked this one
0	"Okay Cinema Sins you have OFFICIALLY gone too far. Big Trouble (the Tim Allen movie, not ""- in Little China"") is fucking awesome!! One of my favorite comedies of all time, legitimately. Everyone should check it out. It came out in 2002 and had a scene where people bring a bomb on a plane, so you can see why you've probably never heard of it before."
0	TIMESTAMP Florida and New York are not in two separate countries ding
0	JAWS THE REVENGE AND SUPERMAN 4!
0	Florida and New York are apparently in two different countries. USERNAME sins to CinemaSins. (TIMESTAMP)
0	that is not a Jeep
0	"""You avenged our son, so lets make another one."""
0	do batman vs superman
0	dirty laundry tho
0	Still the best The Punisher Movie ive ever seen
0	You should count the sins in Newsies
0	Could you please do American Ultra
0	I have a feeling Max Landis would complain about that
0	Don't hate me but The Punisher (2004) is my favourite Marvel film.
0	USERNAME Orozco non MCU Marvel film...
0	USERNAME Janssen And what?
0	USERNAME Janssen I don't care about MCU. But I care about The Punisher (2004). Your welcome.
0	apologies... I meant to say it is MY favorite NON-MCU Marvel film, 2nd favorite over all behind First Avenger
0	do 12 angry men!!
0	Gotta remove sin 131 if you go into shock or you are going or even gone into shock the alcohol relaxes your body and makes it more likely for you to cope and survive an extreme or traumatic event cutting the mortality rate in half (one article, have seen more) URL
0	"""Buenos Dias"" is Good Morning so I'd be ""Good Morning Pablo"""
0	"USERNAME Page ~ hmm, I thought that was actually ""Buenos Mañana""."
0	Why is it still a sin if they're actually rolling credits?
0	"USERNAME Man-Witch of the West Because 'Fuck You"" that's why."
0	USERNAME Man-Witch of the West Because it's a hamhanded way to end a movie, which is the point of the joke.
0	because CinemaSins
0	I love this movie
0	and the EMT was listening for breathing.
0	roll credits at the proper time and you didnt take a sin off... fuck you get back to that faggot food show that has 0 to fucking do with the channel .
0	Not a Jeep.
0	Not related to any sins, but isn't Frank Cast implied to be death reborn as a human in the Marvel Comics?
0	USERNAME Chief I think there was an Alternate universe, or non canon arc that went that route... but standard Castle is just a bad @$$ with a metric F-Ton of Guns. a Raging case of PTSD and a Hate-B*ner for criminals
0	Is that Kevin Nash... at the Russian Waldo sin...?
0	i want to enjoy this ep but god damn you are just to damn bias and dumb here. duh do cars have brake light wires going to brake lights duh i dont know gorge i better sin that duh duh duh
0	I have to sin Cinema Sins. Frank's wife is in a Chevy Blazer, not a Jeep.
0	USERNAME Hobbs ~ Chevy Blazer is a jeep, but not a Jeep.
0	Please do a Cinema Sins on one of the most underrated Pixar movies: Ratatouille (Also it's one of my favorite movies.)
0	Punisher war zone was much better a flick, and that villain jigsaw was in the punisher/batman crossover with joker and jigsaw working together, another where batman saved the joker from getting killed
0	Remove a sin for not taking place in some version of New York.
0	USERNAME FW or Los Angeles!
0	Yo, can you put the movie's trailer in your description. Thanks!
0	Wheres MATT from the Zaibatsu???
0	Still one of my favourite movies :(
0	Best ending to an EWW episode yet!
0	I feel like the apartment bits were more enjoyable if you'd read the source material.
0	lucky- something good happens due to random chanceblessed- something good happed becouse god wanted it to do.that line is meant to represent his loss of faith in 'higher power' both god and the american justice system, and taking justice into his own hands. it's a great line, too bad you dind't get it.
0	Everything Wrong with Beverly Hills Cop 2/3
0	DON'T RUIN MY FAVORITE MARVEL MOVIE YOU FUCKING CUNT
0	Briefe aside about sin number 5: Sure in most places gangsters don't wear sandals, but according to a friend of mine who is a Florida resident, In Miami specifically but generally anywhere south of Orlando, w kind of guys wear sandals and drink mojitos, dangerous Cuban guys, and guys not afraid of dangerous Cuban guys.
0	USERNAME O&#39;callaghan I live in Florida and I would see why they would wear sandals but in common sense it just is not beneficial in anyway for a gangster to wear sandals unless they are at home. I wear sandals a lot but I also don't have to do anything but walk from one location to the next. Most people I see down here wear sneakers but then again I am just south of Tampa and north east of Miami so I can't speak for Hillsborough County (Tampa) or Miami Dade County (Miami)
0	please do War Zone!
0	I love this movie. Thomas Jane's Punisher is great!
0	Do Punisher War Zone too
0	USERNAME you should sin 12 angry men!!
0	And you do know that Popsicle scene was taken straight from the war zone comics don't you?
0	"USERNAME and the neighbors were also in Primary the source material as well, ""Welcome Back, Frank""... as noted elsewhere the film was a pretty good adaptation of the source material... so it's kind of odd that 90% of the things he sinned for being 'un-Punisher-like' were taken directly from work by one of the Best Punisher Writers"
0	USERNAME ya beat me to it!
0	USERNAME Dickens haha now that I'm skimming the comments I think several people beat me to it anyways :X
0	USERNAME Janssen exactly. He just reaches sometimes..
0	One more: When she is thrown off the train overpass, they edit in one of the most overused female movie screams. Almost as recognizable as the Wilhelm scream.
0	USERNAME you should sin 12 angry men!!
0	At TIMESTAMP Jeremy snickers
0	A time a credit roll has happened!
0	John Wick is the movie the Punisher should have been.
0	"I like your vids but a lot of times you reach lol.. ""Does your family dieing give you QuickDraw skills?"" Well he is the Punisher and of you knew this guys true feats and resume you'd prolly understand why he's proficient with a gun. It's not like he's some random schmuck that just become great with guns when his family got murdered lol."
0	I know I'm not supposed to take this seriously, but of course Punisher has a conscience. That's literally his entire shtick is that he'll only ever hurt bad people. He wouldn't be the Punisher if he just mowed down a small child.
0	USERNAME Allywang True, Frank does have a conscious, but he's also not above taking shots at people that do stuff like j-walking and littering. xD
0	USERNAME Depends on the writer, but I don't think a Punisher who kills people for petty crimes like that is the generally accepted version.
0	USERNAME Allywang Fair point, fair point.
0	TIMESTAMP that isn't a jeep, its a Chevy. Come on now cinema sins guy.
0	Buenos Aires is a place!
0	it says ARIES
0	USERNAME Occhipinti I checked back, and it did, I take back my comment
0	You should sin punisher war zone next
0	come on u can't make fun of this movie
0	and it's so old
0	At TIMESTAMP, they paramedic wasn't leaning in to try to HEAR a pulse. He was looking to see if the man's chest was moving, aka the 'is he breathing?' test. CinemaSins has clearly never taken a first aid class (USERNAME sin)
0	At 6 feet 4 Ray Stevenson was a bad-ass Punisher......period.
0	Still better than man of steel & batman v superman
0	eww EX MACHINA!!!!
0	I just got ready to ask them to make this
0	It's a great movie anyway:)
0	I didn't get the black keys reference during the gags at the end
0	Frank also fired a sawn off shot gun, one handed, and had 0 recoil
0	Sentence: Punishable by death. Catch up with the times, CinemaSins.
0	Jon Berthnal just takes a massive dump on this shit.
0	USERNAME in your opinion
0	USERNAME If Jon Berthnal had the voice and look of Thomas Jane as The Punisher. He shits on everyone
0	USERNAME Morgan Jon did a great work in the tv series but just so you know, he doesn't really look like the comic's Frank Castle
0	USERNAME Darker yeah I know
0	Yay me I live in Tampa yaaaaayyyy ._.
0	You misspelt Sacha Baron Cohen's name
0	Sin 10: Actually, medical professionals are supposed to check for breathing as well as a pulse, hence why the EMT's ear was so close to Frank's face.
0	I feel like rolling credits after saying Punisher should have been a sin off
0	Luck is by chance. Blessing is by God. So, it's not so much about chance but what they've been given
0	You should do more Disney movies
0	If you had removed a sin for rolling credits, I'd be ok with that; and I'm not ok with that ! (Ding !)
0	This could have been a way better movie but the Dolph Lungren version is way better. Less crybaby and stupid scenes. All though it could have done with less manbutt.
0	So this came right after eww Elektra, why do I feel like Jeremy just sat down and watched marvels daredevil season two this past weekend
0	Love this movie.
0	Of the two Punisher movies I liked this one better. It's not good, but I found it entertaining.
0	"I give you at least one sin for failing and claiming that they stole ""Knife to a gun fight"" from Untouchables when it's an adage that is at least 150 years old."
0	Hahahaha hahahaha the buenos días Pablo film Festival hahahahahahahaha
0	You didn't sin the fact that he drove around in a bright green stolen Roadrunner for half the movie and didn't get pulled over by the cops. That's not how car ownership works
0	Mediocre action flic, but I liked the soundtrack!
0	The location title sin is such bullshit, these movies are for international markets not just Americans who know american geography, let that shit go.
0	Wait, you didn't like Big Trouble? That is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen!
0	I'm about to go watch Civil War. I hope it's not filled with Looney Toons characters.
0	man fuck cinema sins lmao making me hate movies i loved as a teenager
0	I still get chills when I think about Ben's torture scene tho...ugh..
0	how is this channel not getting into any copyright trouble? someone?
0	I fucking love this movie
0	Do deadpool! It's out!
0	Jon Bernthal's Punisher is the best Punisher
0	TIMESTAMP Buenos Aires is the capital and largest city of the Argentine Republic. I google it. LOL
0	Buenos ARIES
0	USERNAME Occhipinti Oh! I get it. Aries like the zodiac sign. Thanks!
0	actually a decent comic book movie. Its not too zany. Good number of henchmen. Not TOO much suspension of disbelief outside of movie tropes.
0	During the russian fight I've always wondered how no one else heard the grenade explosion? or why no one else in the building called the cops lol
0	You actually do need your hands and ear to check a persons pulse so. Your checking for any signs of life
0	this was a dividing movie..half enjoyed it..half despised it..i thought it was ok...but could have been more...now after bernthal's punisher i cant watch this one anymore
0	"""Russian Where's Waldo is a lot easier to find."" Really? I mean I guess I can give you props for not doing the most obvious ""Soviet Russia Where's Waldo"" joke but I still think skipping it like that deserves a sin all its own ding"
0	I enjoyed them both
0	The Popsicle torture scene actually took place in Punisher: War Zone issue #1. It happened. It's one of the very few things in this movie that is actually from the comic
0	USERNAME Saint You know, aside from taking quite a bit from Garth Ennis' Welcome Home, Frank storyline.
0	USERNAME Saint Yet that's what they choose! Yay Hollywood for using the popsicle scene, we thank you!
0	Arrived at the TIMESTAMP minute mark, realized I want Jeremy to sin First Wives' Club !!
0	Not 4, 3 countries Mr. Scott
0	I'm guessing Daredevil is next.
0	One thing that bugs me is that guessed time is always 1 minute short, the videos 16 min long so say 16 Minutes or Less not 15, and yes I know it's TIMESTAMP min but it's just four seconds not gonna do that much damage
0	The only sin that seems off is the one about the newspaper which was not from the FBI and the police investigating made the statement on sin 56 but the gang part still stands
0	"When you guys sin Civil War, make sure the first sin is ""Marvel Logo causes epilepsy cliché"" and give me credit for the idea"
0	Do u hate every movie
0	And another cinema sins that I feel like I've already seen but apparently not
0	I know this movie isn't great, but I still like it. I know Punisher's not supposed to be funny or silly, but that fight scene with The Russian is pretty damn entertaining.
0	USERNAME mostly because of the juxtaposition with the neighbors
0	USERNAME Janssen Juxtaposition. Good word.
0	Do the Daredevil Netflix series already!!!!
0	USERNAME Thats a SHOW...
0	USERNAME June he did the walking dead, and plenty of other tv shoes
0	USERNAME No he didn't.
0	USERNAME I don't think so, maybe Honest Trailers but not CinemaSins.
0	Those wires on the limo are accurate. They power the little lights next to the license plate and there would also be some extra provisioned in the harness for a trailer lights plug. I like that movie but you are on point with how BS it is. Good show sir, good show.
0	the scene where Punisher tortures a guy with a popsicle was ripped straight from an issue of Punisher: War Zone.
0	Could u guys do 'something about mary'
0	At least its better that Punisher Warzone
0	"Do ""Red Line"" next. Lol that movie is a so bad"
0	will you do deadpool?
0	they are actually rolling credits... excellent. sins anyway
0	I've been hoping for the 1980's Punisher to get sinned.
0	TIMESTAMP And that's how to get ABs lol
0	TIMESTAMP in Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you.
0	TIMESTAMP - choking down a laugh.
0	this is a comment
0	"Do one for ""The Fifth Wave"". I think you be break the sin counter with that one. Sin no. 10 is actually a basic CPR technique. You use your ear to feel for the faintest of breathing while watching the chest for movement and checking for pulse. What IS a sin, is the fact that he didn't straighten his head first to open up the airway, and his ear was nowhere near his mouth or nose. So you can keep the sin on there."
0	The reason why you have to lean your ear over their head when you're checking their pulse is to hear if they are breathing or not, you learn this shit in lifeguard training yo.
0	TIMESTAMP in soviet russia, waldo finds you!
0	at TIMESTAMP that actually is not a sin, what he is doing is taking his pulse and listening for breathing while watching for a rise and fall of the chest indicating breathing.
0	The popsicle torture being in the comics doesn't make it any less stupid, guys.
0	Solid gold yet again!
0	Sin 16: Did you just confuse a Chevy Corvette to a Ford GT? Or did you just make that assumption because they're both yellow, because that racist (ding).
0	TIMESTAMP And Cypress Hill totally booked the orchestra too...God damn, that show used to be funny
0	why just punisher? why not the PUNisher?
0	"""In soviet Russia big sexy keven nash finds you"""
0	Is this Daredevil week for these guys? They do two movies starring the two other supporting characters from season two.
0	There were actually three Punisher movies. Dolph Lundgren, Thomas Jane and Ray Stevenson (Who's version was the most truest to the character.
0	Next a bugs life
0	The Jeep is also a second generation S10 Blazer
0	do cool cat saves the kids XDXD
0	We don't speak of that movie! You know The Savage is creeping around the corner!
0	Any one else from Tampa
0	r u talking about the people in the movie or comments cause if that's the case im from tampa!
0	Now Do ''Punisher: War Zone 2008'' ! Please :P
0	someone's been watching daredevil, i mean elektra and the punisher…
0	I feel like the Russian fight andThe paper cut scene to follow deserved sins off
0	"Wouldn't be surprised if he said ""First scene starts at night, why not in the day."" Adds Movie Sin Counter"
0	am I the only one who noticed the shotgun shot into the windshield on the pier is a smiley face
0	ya the movie isn't great but i still love it.
0	USERNAME Same.
0	From the big boot in wcw to chasing down the punisher as Russian Waldo. To then being a stripper. Best career ever.
0	Everything wrong with Three Amigos Everything RIGHT with Deadpool
0	USERNAME Everything RIGHT with Deadpool ? In other words you just want him to glorify the movie. Fuck you.
0	USERNAME Also, FUCK DEADPOOL.
0	USERNAME No. Deadpool just uses it's own sins as an advantage. Oh no! a fourth wall break inside a fourth wall break, that's like 16 walls Le gasp
0	luck can run out
0	This movie makes me thank all that's holy for Jon Bernthal.
0	"There were THREE movies - 1989 with Dolph ""I must break you"" Lundgren, 2004 (above), and 2008 with Ray Stevenson"
0	Am I the only one who actually liked this movie ????? :D
0	Can you please sin Shrek, please?
0	"""Once upon a time, there were two Punisher movies, and neither was very good."" There are three movies."
0	I once smashed a glass window without cutting my hand. I was lucky. My point is that it is not impossible so that sin should be removed. TIMESTAMP is not a sin
0	To be fair, that should've been a take off on one sin after they rolled credits, but I digress.
0	TIMESTAMP you stutter a bit trying to hold your laughter
0	Everything wrong with dead pool
0	Do Punisher Warzone next
0	...you mean there was a sequel?
0	Not mentioning The Russian is Kevin Nash ... ding
0	"Dear CinemaSins, can you please check ""Serial Mom"""
0	"TIMESTAMP Shouldn't that have been ""Mickey must be a Bucs fan""?"
0	The Falcons and the Saints are bitter rivals, that's why he said Falcons fan.
0	Most of the sins in these videos are him just pointing something out not actually something wrong with the movie
0	@TIMESTAMP that scene was taken directly from the comics.
0	Luck is a random act of good fortune. Being blessed means God smiles at you and make good things happen for you. It could also mean other people has done good things (example : like Marge has blessed me with 3 children) for you but it usually means God. The point is Luck is random while being bless is not and THAT IS THE FUCKING DIFFERENCE.
0	10 sins for the handicap parking? seems excessive
0	One Batch Two Batch, the last Punisher movie before this must have cost a Penny and Dime
0	Fat Italian is not a race
0	I actually watched this recently it was really hype I just don't think Thomas Jane looks like punisher but his voice wasn't bad
0	so there doing all the super hero movies? Do Running scared Next Please.
0	John Pinette! RiP to a pretty funny guy. I'd personally take 2 sins off
0	Everything wrong with Psycho
0	I liked Thomas as the Punisher, but this movie was a tragic waste of Ennis's material. And if you know Ennis's material, you'd know how sad that statement was.
0	Where is EWW Cars?
0	aaw come on, this movie was fun.
0	first comment
0	I BEG you to do Punisher: Warzone!
0	You need to do an everything wrong with deadpool
0	That is an ironic joke cause there is nothing wrong with deadpool
0	You gotta sin Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II Secret of the Ooze AND Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III before the New movie comes out.
0	Cinema sins say sentence after the end of the video but gives just one word. *ding
0	The Punisher looks like Christopher Lambert had a child with Aaron Eckhart.
0	I liked this one quite a bit. Wasn't crazy about War Zone, though.
0	At TIMESTAMP, that is not the same car. He didn't drive straight to the crime boss' club.
0	Why sin it when they actually roll credits? Sham! Sham I tell you!
0	Pulp Fiction or Punisher War Zone should be the next one you do it would be awesone
0	I think he already did Pulp Fiction,but I know he hasn't done War Zone yet.
0	USERNAME McNeil ive seen all his videos they are awesome but no no pulp fiction yet
0	forest Gump
0	TIMESTAMP LMAO! What was that noise at the end? I think the guy was saying AAAAUUUUGGHH MY EYE!!
0	So the parking lot sin was ten whole points? Fuck you cinemasins your jokes have gotten even worse
0	Dude. CinemaSins is so fucking meta sometimes I can't deal with it.
0	definitely a good movie with some faults.
0	"Missed the chance for ""In soviet Russia Waldo finds you"""
0	USERNAME .Nublet lol
0	USERNAME .Nublet nice
0	USERNAME .Nublet Excellent.
0	lol. Thats exactly what was thinking. Har de har harrrr!
0	You win the Internet for the day 😂😂
0	USERNAME .Nublet Funniest thing I've read all day. Well done.
0	Valkanna .Nublet would be excellent at cinemasins ding
0	USERNAME .Nublet Much better line.
0	"USERNAME .Nublet I almost feel like that scene deserves one sin removed for the fact ""Russian Waldo"" is a character named 'The Russian.'"
0	USERNAME .Nublet Yeah but that's a meme that's already circulated on the internet. They'd probably feel obligated to follow it up with some kind of clarification that you might've seen that picture too to avoid getting called out in the comments, and that would've just been clumsy.
0	USERNAME .Nublet XDXD
0	USERNAME .Nublet That is gonna make me laugh every damn time I think about it.
0	"USERNAME .Nublet ""Valkanna .Nublet would be excellent at Cinema Sins"" ding"
0	this movie was good
0	Everything wrong with JFK (1991).
0	they really tried to force the relationship in this movie but there isn't much connection between the two.
0	TIMESTAMP the pot was filled with BOILING water, that or oil like in a deep fryer, and it was thrown in his face. those are some serious burns.
0	Has anyone noticed that there are two actors in this movie that were also in X-Men movies?
0	3 punisher movies. The Punisher released in 1989 with Dolph Lundgren, this one and punisher War Zone. None of them bad
0	And I still think we need a sins video of Masters of the Universe
0	USERNAME You should go back and redo all your old videos. 4 minutes is not enough time to sin batman and harry potter. Please redo!!
0	do minions
0	Can you do Hush?
0	So there are people who don't leave their frontdoor wideopen (during summer and if at home ofcourse)?
0	You're telling me there are people that do? Where do you live fucking tranquility lane?
0	"USERNAME i grew up south germany ... in the house we lived in every single resident had their key in the apartmentdoor. (i once even entered the landladys apartment without her presence because she'd left the stove on with a .... ""roasting"" duck on it. ) And so did most of our neighbours. (and still do) Though i have to admit since i moved to middle germany i am told a lot that people here aren't used to this habit. But i've also seen a lot of people doing it. Mostly the older people in the village, farmers and such, but also a lot of families living in those newly built familyfriendly neighboorhoods where children are allowed to roam the traffic calmed street right next to their homes. Why would you even see it as weird? It's very unlikely that the evil, murdering serial killer is showing up and i don't see anybody having the guts to sneak in a house while the residents are present. ( and i don't see what in my house somebody would see als worthy enough to steal. )"
0	USERNAME van der Wald I can understand if you live in a food neighborhood in Germany. But I sincerely hope you're being facetious when you ask how people who have readily apparent ideas of very basic safety and precautions would find this weird.
0	USERNAME my understanding of very basic safety and precautious envolves caring neighbours. (like i acted when i saved the house from burning down by simply entering my neighbours apartment and putting off the stove. this wouldn't have been that easy if not for the habit of leaving the key stuck in the door.) i understand that there are different neighbourhoods, but i don't understand why i should PER SE ascribe others to misuse my trust.
0	USERNAME van der Wald because a lot of time they will You can just assume that the people who think this is weird don't live in neighborhoods with caring neighbors
0	USERNAME most obviously. though i am thinking hard about how my relatives handle this. my family is spread all over the country, from munich to berlin, living different lifestyles, and apart from very few all of them handle this pretty much the same, having the door open or storing a sparekey with the neighbours, having a neighbour taking care of the pets during holiday or taking care of the pets next door themself. as i am thinking about it, i even remember visiting one of my relative, a ... conservative person living in a very tacky neighbourhood, and roaming about the whole neighbourhood with my cousins and some appareantly neighbours children which names i didn't even know, getting snacks from other families houses, coming and going in their houses as if i was living there (and nobody minding it) and coming back earliest at dinnertime. without anybody having to worry about me or one of the other children, because literally everyone was having a eye on us. to me this is a very strange mindset i can't follow.
0	I preferred Thomas Jane's Punisher to Jon Barenthal's. Campy as hell, but at least he wasn't a whiny bitch. This movie is horrible, but in that guilty pleasure sort of way for me.
0	Really liked this movie, the fight between in and the russian in the apartment was pretty bad ass.
0	The Punisher has killed undercover cops working on a case.
0	I got the Saints-Falcons reference. Who dat. 💯
0	The '08 Punisher was way way way better than this piece of shit they call a movie. This movie was so much away from the source material it nearly could've been rated PG.
0	USERNAME thank you for clarifying that this is not the real one. i was so confused during the first minutes. Travolta? Wtf? I don't remember him being in themovie! Who is that dude? Who is that? What are they doing? WTF?!
0	Nah. It was also bad.
0	USERNAME Crimson Fucker but it was the good kind of bad. i very much enjoyed it. did you know that the actor was so excited about the role that he financed a 30 minutes long fanmade sequal of it? It's on youtube and is kinda fun.
0	USERNAME Crimson Fucker At least we hopefully get a good punisher on netflix now. They greenlit the project.
0	TIMESTAMP YES
0	Come on, you should have at least removed a sin for Roll-credits ex-machina!
0	lmao! The salad!...and that's not a Jeep.
0	"Also, Frank is an anti-hero and two this movie was based off ""welcome back, Frank"" by Garth Ennis. Lastly, Thomas Jane did really good as the punisher."
0	alot of those sins were bullshit.
0	He was listening for breathing. If your adrenaline is high you wont always feel a pulse.
0	EWW: Truman Show Nightcrawler Groundhog day 2001 a Space Odyssey Robots
0	And pulp fiction
0	never understod why they had to make this remake, the original was much better :p
0	No. It wasn't.
0	everything wrong with #horror please!
0	A lot of cars have wires like that near the back. It is for towing purpose so your trailer can use the blinker.
0	how about the original punisher. sin that film next
0	TIMESTAMP I heard that laugh ding
0	well in the category worst Comic book movies this one doesn't even crack the top 10
0	Not the best movie but Thomas Jane was still a great Punisher though.
0	i think that was the first time you did the roll credits line and it actually did it.
0	John Pinette was in this??
0	USERNAME You go now! You here four hour. Why you here four hour? Eat vegetable....eat Broccoli..... you scare my wife!
0	50% of the sins are bs.
0	I love this movie so much, it not a good movie but I've seen it like 90 movies
0	There is no sins in this film
0	You missed what I think is the biggest sin, He says in the end voice over, its not revenge, its punishment, Yet he only kills those directly responsible for his familys death, even letting the nerdy chauffer guy go (which comic frank woundlt have, remember poor micro). Therefor every kill in this film is infact revenge, Not Punishment
0	"The popsicle torture scene is directly lifted from the comics, Punisher Warzone #1, hell, most of this movie, regardless of it's quality, is essentially a loose adaptation of ""Punisher: Year One"" with a bit of ""Punisher: Welcome Back Frank"" thrown in, and Frank DOES have a sense of humor and a consciense, the former changes depending on the writter but it's there and how the latter works for him is a big part of his character, the righteous fury is only a part of him not all of him, if you obviously have never read a Punisher comic in your entire life and your only knowledge of him is pop culture please refrain from saying he is not loyal to the character."
0	Mrs.Saint doesn't just conveniently order Frank's entire family to be killed not knowing that he is at a family reunion. she specifically orders his entire family to be killed because Quenton tells her he is at a family reunion. but I will admit it's always bothered me how the movie never explains how the saints find out where Frank lives after they learn he is still alive. or what the deal was with that Johnny Cash assassin at the diner. did he work for the saints? how did he know frank was at that diner?
0	how'd they find out he was alive in the first place? and that he was an FBI officer?
0	USERNAME Henv His best friend betrays him in a series of deleted scenes. Frank forces him to shoot himself before he punishes the Saints in the final shootout.
0	hes really gotta cut back on the sins that arent real sins
0	Discount Christopher Lambert?
0	TIMESTAMP BATMAN !!!
0	R.I.P John Pinette
0	USERNAME I didn't know that he died. That's really sad, he was so funny.
0	Surely doing this week sins for both movies would have made sense before Daredevil season 2
0	"Most of what you sinned for being ""out of character"" came from the comics themselves. ""Cartoon neighbors"" we're in the comics for instance. Frank Castle is well versed Jack of all trades, so yes car repair is in there. The guitar player in the diner is Harry Heck's trade mark. Oh and the ""Russian where's Waldo"" being calm for ""having been stabbed"" was actually stabbed in that scene in real life, and yes, he was calm. And yes I am aware ""no movie is without sin"" and I find nearly all of your videos comical (as they are intended) but in this instance, the movie followed the comic book quite well and many of those sins are undeserved."
0	there are actually three punisher movies, thats a sin for cinema sins, the first one had dolph Lundgren and the third had Ray Stevenson. I have seen this one and the Stephenson one and this one is the best.
0	Jon's Punisher from daredevil season 2 is one of the best.
0	you should do the punisher war zone next, mcnulty and percy from green mile chew the scenery so hard it in that movie
0	Just so you know, the part about The Punisher using a ice cream cone on the mans body instead of the blow torch is taken straight out of the comic books.
0	finally! and I am still mad that they didn't made thar roll credit line at the end of iron man
0	Sin The LEGO Movie
0	At 120 sins, I agreed with him greatly. That music is creepy.
0	"Do ""Punisher - War zone"" instead, far more brutal movie"
0	...but I really liked this movie D':
0	You know what doesn't suck? Daredevil's Castle. He's fucking amazing.
0	amen
0	USERNAME wrong
0	USERNAME ONE BATCH, TWO BATCH, PENNY AND DIME
0	USERNAMEКонстантин Лозовой Said nobody
0	USERNAME Boos I said. I am person
0	USERNAMEКонстантин Лозовой Daredevils punisher was fantastic and was the best incarnation yet.
0	Mmmm, wasn't great but wasn't brilliant either, he is set up as just a psychotic killer and not the calculated man he really is
0	USERNAME Machine Not calculating? Did you see the way he took down people? He was extremely smart and only pretended to be insane and psychotic to get put in jail after Wilson fisks offer.
0	"Jon Bernthal is and always will be referred to by my friends and immediate family as ""Shane"". When my cousin saw Daredevil season 2, he texted to me ""SHANE IS THE PUNISHER!"" And I knew exactly what he meant."
0	jon bernthal... hell yew
0	USERNAME Good thing he's getting his own Netflix sereis then, huh?
0	USERNAME nope. This is the worst thing that happened to MCU.
0	USERNAME yep he was the shit.
0	"USERNAME Kopeski DON'T MAKE ME FEEL AGAIN! It's super good he's getting his own series. I""m beyond hyped."
0	one batch, two batch, penny and dime.
0	Man I got chills watching him, Jon Bernthal is the punisher! He stole the entire Daredevil S2 for me, and now that he's getting his own series it's getting far better.
0	"USERNAME I know, right? A lot of folks I know were calling DD season 2 ""Punisher Season 1."" Which I guess makes his real season 1 more like 1.5...? Who cares. He's great. Marvel is really knocking it out of the park."
0	USERNAME Machine they will show probably show that side of punisher in his series
0	USERNAME But he sounds like Cletus from the Simpsons.
0	USERNAME hi
0	Sorry for my bad english but... Why dint you talk about the part that the punisher gives the badguy son a granade to hold it up and the son dint release on the spot! he was going to die anyway! that´s a big ass sin!
0	This movie takes a more 80s action hero rout with the punisher, instead of making him the brutal bad ass serial killer. It's ok at best, but has some good action a the skull shirt looks pretty rad (all the 2 times he uses the damn thing.
0	I can forgive all the sins of this movie for the Frank vs Russian fight set to opera music, that never gets old.
0	Dat Simpsons reference at TIMESTAMP
0	TIMESTAMP Pretty sure it's pronounced Aqua-Deeya Bay ding
0	can you do the other punisher movie the shitty one from 08
0	That was actually a good movie
0	Everything wrong with Hardcore Henry!
0	a sin for cinema sin's that isnt a jeep. its a blazer
0	He drove in the handicap spot on purpose because it wasn't his car
0	Still loved this movie
0	I actually loved this movie!
0	PUNisher. i'm sorry.
0	most of the sins your sinning were explained so the sins arent really sins did you see the movie or read the comic
0	in Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you
0	Two things about the description. One; there were three Punisher movies, (unless you're saying War Zone is a sequel to this one, which it really isn't. The 2005 game is more of a sequel than War Zone was) there was this, War Zone, and the '80s one with Dolph Lundgren. Two; I disagree. Both were pretty good (though War Zone wasn't anywhere near as good as this one. Can't say the same about the Lundgren version since I've never seen it).
0	Punisher War Zone was actually pretty good.
0	max payne the comic book the movie
0	honestly, my second favourite Punisher, after Jon Bernthal from Daredevil ^^
0	This got more sins than Elektra? Come on now.
0	I think this one might be a favorite so he's trying to be harsh. either that or he's trying too hard
0	do straight outa compton!
0	in soviet Russia waldo finds you.
0	Please, please do the original Dolph Lundgren Punisher! Sadly, a better movie than this piece of shit.
0	this movie is the goat
0	If you stop the video at TIMESTAMP you can see the kneeling lady's underwear.
0	I only have this movie because it was bundled with The Spirit and Kick-Ass xP! It's entertaining but it's pretty bad.
0	Do deadpool
0	This movie was excellent, favorite punisher🙌🏾🙌🏾
0	Oppan Gangland Style!
0	Bullshit, the interrogation popsicle scene is almost beat for beat identical to a scene in the comics.
0	Eww The Thing 1982?
0	"hey Cinema sins, can u do ""Everything wrong with final destination"" and maybe also do the other final destination movies?"
0	I loved this movie, as I'm a huge Punisher fan, but boy did it have problems. The biggest, and the one thing that should've been sinned every time he showed up, was John Travolta.
0	The whole popsicle/blow torch/ steak is actually directly from a Punisher comic
0	Actually you do need your ear when checking for pulse to hear if there's any breathing coming out and feel if there's any air so fuck you
0	I dare you to do Punisher Warzone.
0	Do the 1986 Transformers movie. Be a step ahead of Transformers 5.
0	So is this the thing where that stupid piece of shit poser skull picture came from?...
0	So you have sinned every movie that doesn't roll credits when the title of the movie is mentioned, but this time you added a sin for actually doing it? Are the any rules to this at all?
0	Do deadpool!
0	You guys should do the 1st Captain America movie. I mean the one from the 90s of course, where all Cap did was steal people's cars.
0	"Do everything wrong with"" Zombie Land"""
0	Could you sin one of the following? EWW The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water EWW South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut EWW A Bug's Life EWW The Simpsons Movie EWW Toy Story 3 and as an added bonus for when it comes to DVD, EWW Deadpool.
0	"""its been five months since my family was killed, I don't see one man in prison"" Frank Castle would be excellent at Cinema Sins"
0	the boy in the striped pajamas
0	Finally the roll credits synchs up and you still sin, for shame...
0	the popsicle interrogation scene was from the comics, butt-nugget. Punisher: War Zone #1
0	Do the movie Warrior with tom hardy
0	Like others said some unfair sins for sure. The Popsicle seen is straight from the comics, he knew what time Travolta would be at the golf course from the guy he tortured, and they rolled credits at the end so why would you sin that? Kind of irks me
0	For all it's faults this movie, along with it's directors cut are still my favorite version of the Punisher
0	"""Need help with some underpants, sir?"" That feel when you think of Spongebob when he says this."
0	"TIMESTAMP Then Saint would wear a shirt with ""World's Greatest DAD"" on it and explain that makes him better than just #1."
0	I think the 2004 and 2008 versions are the only good versions. And I'm sure by tomorrow I'll get a lot of hate mail for saying that.
0	USERNAME Well, actually, I'd take it back. None of them are good, but the 2004 and 2008 versions are more like guilty pleasures.
0	I only thought the 2008 one was good but I can see why you also like this one
0	There is a lot of bad n this movie... but I still maintain that Thomas Jane is a great Punisher
0	On sin 9 to 10: it's called CPR
0	I actually enjoyed this movie
0	If you think it should have been a sin removal for the roll-credits sin actually rolling credits, you may not understand the roll-credits sin as well as you think. Or sins... they sin cliches more than anything, and actually rolling credit after a title drop isn't just cliche, it's ancient.
0	Do EWW New Jack City
0	WOa woa woa woa woa... How you are you going to NOT take at least 5 sins of for actually rolling credits when stating the title of the movie? Come on now.
0	enjoyed this movie, also liked him as the punisher, wasn't a great movie in terms of plot but still enjoyable and memorable
0	TIMESTAMP I think that is multiple sins off, not a sin.
0	I actually really like this movie
0	War Zone was better.
0	Why are you more salty for this movie than every other movie?
0	You should watch his the good dinosaur sins vid
0	This movie is one of my guilty pleasures. I actually like it more than Ant-Man.
0	Well, at least we have the MCU Punisher to make up for this.
0	This was a good movie.
0	Wild Turkey makes whiskey, not rum. Show about sinning movie gaffs and makes jokes about getting hammered doesn't know their liquor! >DING<
0	it wasn't a pot of hot water, it was caramelizing sugar. if you don't understand the difference just stick your hand in both.
0	Lol why did they count the last sin?
0	I found this movie to be campy and fun, but it's pretty terrible, just like the Blade movies, which are still campy and fun but still actively bad movies. Have they sinned the Blade Trilogy yet? Because Blade Trinity is the most inadvertently funny movie I'd ever seen until the Conan: The Barbarian reboot
0	I'm italian, and that was racist. I laughed tho.
0	USERNAME~ Yea I know, Italian's eating Italian food is so offensive. I was watching this Japanese movie and they were eating sushi! Can you believe they'd put something that racist in a film?!
0	First Elektra then Punisher ? Why do I get the feeling that you'd planned for before season 2 of Daredevil but never got around to it ?
0	"Wait, why is this set in Florida? Isn't Pun-Pun Kill Chan a New York ""hero""?"
0	Pun pun kill chan? KYS.
0	"USERNAME Crimson Fucker Um... ""KYS""?"
0	"USERNAME Trax it means ""kill yourself"". The only connection Frank motherfucking castle has to Japan is all the yakuza's he slaughtered."
0	USERNAME Crimson Fucker Its an inside joke from The Super best Friends Play's ongoing LP of the 2005 Punisher game...
0	Do the spiderman 1977 lol
0	Hey, Big Trouble was a good movie, goddamn it!
0	Yes, this movie had some problems, most notably Tampa, John Travolta, and PG-13. BUT! I still really loved Thomas Jane and Rebecca Romijn. Plus, practical effects! Remove 25 Sins Also, check out the badass short film Punisher: Dirty Laundry for more Thomas Jane badassery.
0	This movie was R.
0	USERNAME Crimson Fucker I stand corrected. Coulda fooled me. I remember it being pretty tame by today's standards.
0	USERNAME ClaX well it was low budget, and they couldn't do a whole lot.
0	You should have removed a sin for that last one
0	Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Love this movie, and DD. Everyone I know hates both but I've always loved them. I miss old Marvel lol
0	As a former resident of Tampa I agree
0	It would be hella cool if you could do Hellboy sometime
0	Idk why i watch these Cinema Sins, yeah they're a little interesting and do catch some mess ups in movies but like no joke a half of all these videos are bullshit sins. It may seem a little confusing just showing someone the few second scene but thats the thing about a movie, you watch it all together and it puts the pieces together making sense earning no sins.
0	Love all the fan boys in the comments.. This movie was a major letdown. Get over it.
0	i thought it was good and when i saw it i didnt know it was from a comic. so fuck you
0	Everything wrong with White Dog.
0	remove one sin cause shotguns hold 3 rounds and he shot three times
0	loved this movie
0	lol@ the Return of the Jedi scene.
0	"I'm a lifeguard, and the reason he had his head down and ""used his ears"" wasn't for the pulse, it was to hear if he was breathing"
0	"""Once upon a time, there were two Punisher movies, and neither was very good."" ... You've misspelled ""three"""
0	one of the best marvel movies! DO NOT REMAKE!
0	wow, I was obsessed with that flick when it came out. love the sin tally,
0	"SEE!!!!! LOL Russian ""Where's Waldo"" is a lot easier to find! LMAO!!!!!"
0	As someone who lives in Tampa, I can confirm the weak-assness and nondescriptness of its skyline.
0	Alright CS you can have this punisher film, BUT KEEP YOUR SIN VIDEOS AWAY FROM PUNISHER: WAR ZONE
0	Fuck me, this movie sucks balls. Never understood how some Punisher fans view it fondly. It's a goofy, cartoonish mess.
0	You do realize that you now need to count more sins in Punisher War Zone to be considered accountable, as this is the better of the two.
0	"Bahahaha ""I just want my kids back."" So freakin funny!"
0	Do Every thing wrong with Angry Birds
0	Looks like Pun-Pun is at it again.
0	LOL bro you gotta be smarter than this... He used two fingers to check for a pulse and his ear/head to listen for/feel breathing....you know that thing they teach you to do in CPR training. URL Fact checking should be a thing with 5mil subscribers.
0	This is actually a pretty good movie tbh
0	Aguadilla isn't pronounced Aguadila, but Aguadiya, because it's Spanish
0	The Russian dies by tearing a quad.
0	USERNAME Mike I was waiting for someone to say that!
0	Cloud Atlas.
0	Forgot to call a sin on the knife blade still being attached to the knife after he shoots it in assassins neck
0	When you said the taking of this guy's pulse will require both his fingers and ears, he is listening for breathing and looking to see if the chest rises. Its like basic CPR. Ding.
0	Not from that angle and that far away he isn't
0	Dude I love your vids but I live in Tampa and it's not bad at all.
0	Buenos Aires is a city dumb ass, use google
0	I love this movie to absolute death. Thomas Jane is the fucking man. But the review's still funny.
0	CinemaSins,Have u watched Daredevil Season 2 on Netflix,because Jon Bernthal is awesome as The Punisher
0	I like this movie but Frank was way too lenient in it. Also there are actually 3 Punisher movies.
0	Actually the torture scene with an ice is straight out the comics, so I give this channel 10 for not knowing that
0	EWW The Babadook in halloween PLEASE
0	"I am kind of amazing the exploding building didn't get a sin. I mean, even the janitors were evil and in on the Castle Murders? Flipping doubt it. kind of hard to root for a ""hero"" that murders more innocent folks than the villains..."
0	TIMESTAMP Gotta mention this. TLDR, Frank did that on purpose as part of his scheme to trick the boss into thinking his wife was cheating on the boss with the boss's friend. Frank was stalking his wife and noticed she would go to the movies every week. He takes a fake fire hydrant out and puts it by her car so when he steals it, no one will take the spot and raise suspicion. He then takes her car to a hotel, and parks it there to get a ticket. He removes the ticket from the windshield, and takes the car back to where she parked, her being completely oblivious to it. The guy he was torturing with a Popsicle was in on the plan, and when the ticket came in the mail, he personally made sure the boss would see that she's been getting tickets at a hotel when he thought she was going to the movies. With the earring on the bed, his suspicions were confirmed and he killed them both, only for Frank to prove that he was played right before Frank killed him. Good video though, even though I like this movie.
0	At least they didn't kill Frank Castle Gangnam Style.
0	Should have given 1 sin off for actually rolling the credits
0	Everything wrong with Toy Story 3
0	Don't hurt Tampa, we got a lot more interesting in ten years
0	Not a Jeep. Chevy Blazer.
0	Lol. I live in Tampa
0	Why do you keep talking about this Ben Foster guy like we're supposed to know who he is? USERNAME
0	good movie
0	What, no Adele Dazeem reference? I'm upset.
0	The EMT fake-checking whether castle is dead is actually ALMOST doing it right. It's called look, listen and feel. LOOK for the rise and fall of the chest, LISTEN for respiration and FEEL for a pulse. Just sayin'.
0	It's boring. BING. Shortest Cinema Sins ever.
0	Not even lol. Some are like 5 minutes
0	Here is a sin for CinemaSins that Jeep is not a Jeep its a blazer 1 CinemaSins Counter
0	fun fact. that popsicle torture scene is from the comic series War Zone
0	"I liked this movie, having no experience with the character of the punisher, but I totally see why Punisher fans hated it. Especially after seeing him in the new Daredevil series. It kind of makes me wish they just went with an ""original"" character. Maybe changed some details to make it less of a rip off, but mostly keep the movie the same. I dunno, it was entertaining and kind of funny, at least that's the way I remember it. Maybe I'll have to watch it again after seeing the well received Punisher of the Daredevil series. I just remember going to the theaters with my brother when I was a lot younger and coming out of the theater having enjoyed it."
0	I feel like you should actually unsin for the roll credits.
0	They should've got Arnold to be the punisher
0	i was just watching this one and warzone yesterday
0	everything wrong with salton sea!!!!!!
0	I hate this film, Punisher is my fav Marvel hero but this film is so god damn boring. Why do they have Punisher being all sneaky and setting up a big prank on his enemy? THAT IS NOT PUNISHER, he is supposed to go in and fucking butcher criminals plus Thomas Jane just looks so uninterested in this role. Thank god War Zone actually did the character right.
0	"USERNAME Jackson Think about it though. How would you feel if you found out your wife was cheating on you with your best friend and you killed them both, only to find out it was all a lie and that you'd killed them for no reason? Like Jafar said to Abis Mal, ""It's not enough that we simply destroy Aladdin. After all, there are things so much worse than death!"""
0	USERNAME The hell you talking about?
0	USERNAME Jackson Either you lied about seeing this movie, or you haven't seen the Return of Jafar. In either case, allow me to reiterate. In the Return of Jafar, Aladdin nearly falls to his death before Jafar saves him. Then, after saying that quote I mentioned, he has Aladdin framed for murdering the Sultan. Similarly, in the Punisher, Frank places evidence of Howard's wife having an affair with Howard's best friend; which prompts Howard to kill them both. But just before Frank kills Howard, he reveals to him that the affair was all a lie and that Frank made Howard kill his best friend and his wife for no reason. Which was, like Jafar said in the other movie, a fate so much worse than death. Get it now?
0	USERNAME But yet he kills him right after telling him it was a trick, sooooo what was the point in tricking him then? Why go through the whole thing if he wasn't gonna let Howard live with what he had done? I get the reference now but it still sees completely out of character.
0	USERNAME Jackson Yes, well... Aladdin would've wound up dead too, if not for Iago saving the Genie. And I guess Frank just wanted him to let all that sink in before finally losing his life. But of course, being dragged by a car isn't exactly the most pleasant way to go either. Just watch Carlos' death scene in Saints Row 2.
0	Daredevil Punisher was better.
0	I actually kinda like this movie and i dont hate the second one though i think i like this one more
0	pun-pun chan!
0	"""They are actually rolling credits"" I feel like that should have been one sin removal..."
0	USERNAME Healy Agreed.
0	USERNAME
0	Rolling credits has always been a sin though right? Even if the movie is doing it itself.
0	I don't think he's ever sinned a movie that rolled credits when it actually says the name and rolls credits.
0	USERNAME Healy Actually your right. It was always when they say the title and don't. . . So. . . Is this just an excuse to add an extra sin? That seems cheap.
0	Agreed
0	USERNAME No they dont get a sin removed because thats something they should already have done without asking in every movie. So no sin removed for doing what they were supposed to. Sin removal I believe is for really awesome scenes or moments.
0	USERNAME Busch well they definitely shouldn't have added a sin. Especially since Tanya a joke sin anyway. Would have been a better joke if they removed one
0	USERNAME True that.
0	I can only assume that it's the cliche of stating the title then rolling credits that's being sinned, it's just that here is the first time where it is fully applicable.
0	USERNAME yeah that's probably the case. It's just that we've all lost sight of the joke because he's used it ironically in movies that don't feature it'd or so many years
0	agreed
0	USERNAME Core no when they answer the title or whatever not when they actually roll them.
0	USERNAME Healy Is that a first?
0	that was the first time I can think of that they actually rolled credits. its worth at least 2 sin removals. I demand a redo
0	DO NOT FORGET TO WATCH THE PUNISHER popular movie this week watch plus.google.com/115845834620975720101/posts/1SoyrdW74Nf <<=
0	USERNAME Healy To the high-maintenance nerds that comprise the entire CS Team, that's not logical. If anything, it gives them more reason to be crybabies, because it's a sign that a movie actively defies their completely obvious observations of how dumb it is.
0	USERNAME Healy I don't know what precedence we have on sin removal but adding a sin seemed rude.
0	USERNAME Healy i'm just happy this video wasn't about transgender bathrooms
0	USERNAME are you okay!
0	"USERNAME Healy No because the movie was bad and thus it's still a sin for having endured it. Also, ""Making up sins. ding"""
0	"USERNAME There has been one movie before this where they rolled credits right after mentioning the title that has been sinned by Cinemasins that I know of, though Cinimasins didn't acknowledge that back then. Probably because it was one of their earlier sin videos which didn't have all the tropes like ""roll credits"" established yet. The title of that movie was: The Dark Knight"
0	USERNAME Love hi
0	USERNAME hello
0	I was about to say the exact same thing.
0	But . . .But . . . .I love Tampa. My family's there.
0	Mine too
0	Talladega nights
0	I'm glad I'm the 69,000 viewer. You cannot imagine the joy this brings me...
0	minus one sin for making me not watch the whole movie....this film is why some comics are best served in their original format - comics...
0	Do Pandorum ! It's Ben Foster and Dennis Quad
0	Im surprised you didnt mention Frank Castles wife being played by Daisy from the Super Mario Bros movie.
0	the old marvel movies were all just terrible. daredevil, first hulk, punisher, ghost rider, elektra. yuck they were all just so bad
0	Do the Departed, I know you're a fan of Leo's performance in that.
0	I always hated the punisher. If you're going to be an evil murderer, at least be funny about it like deadpool.
0	Actually this movie is one of the best Marvel movie ever. It's a classic and emotional.
0	Do sins on the Cornetto Trilogy, PLEASE! (Shaun of the dead, Hot fuzz, The world's end)
0	SO MUCH YES
0	Please do Apocalypse Now! I wanna see how you handle a movie without a title card.
0	I just watched this movie last week and thought that you needed to do this!
0	Also can we sin the fact that every cinematic version of Punisher has failed on multiple counts? Plus most of the video game versions as well.
0	Everything wrong with the Revenant
0	I enjoyed this movie, except for most of the stuff involving his Wacky Apartment Neighbors and Forced Love Interest.
0	Everything Wrong With Caligula-good luck sinning that controversy
0	Do the movie Planes.
0	best of any Punisher films. Wasn't too bad...
0	Is the roll credits still a sin if they really do roll credits? XD
0	plus one sin for not getting matt from two best friends play in on this
0	you should do everything wrong with the mummy(1999)
0	TIMESTAMP As a Louisianian, I appreciate your knowledge of our football rivals. Also that you sinned it. :D
0	Would you do one of my favorite movies, Her? The one where Joaquin Phoenix falls in love with his computer OS? It's my birthday tomorrow.
0	Do Deadpool!
0	sin Deadpool
0	"We want you sin ""God's Not Dead!"""
0	Netflix Punisher would have been the best if he used the FUCK^%G MINI-GUN!!! Lmao XD
0	:) Now I just have to wait for your Captain America Civil War video.
0	USERNAME thats not for a long time m8 :(
0	That'll be a hard one to do. Not a lot of sins in CW.
0	USERNAME-ThelastOG idk i found like 30 when i watched it, but i wasnt looking for them
0	USERNAME shack :) meh... I have nothing to do, I can wait.
0	USERNAME shack To each his own. I enjoyed the hell out of it.
0	"Oh come on, Jeremy! They actually did the ""roll credits"" bit at the right time! That's got to be worth a sin off."
0	USERNAME I thought the same thing, but then I realized they have to sin the cliche of title dropping, for consistency.
0	USERNAME I do not agree because it looked dumb and obvious.
0	Also that thing with the four countries (although buenos Aires is a place, the Capitol of Argentina, and there's only three countries) they put specific cities on most except for Florida That's assuming they meant New York City
0	ALSO EVERYTHING WRONG WITH PREDATOR
0	buenos aires is the capital of argentina
0	Fun as always, except you sinned him for knowing when Travolta would be golfing. He learned this information in a very long important scene: the popsicle torture scene, where he was told that the man ALWAYS takes first tee time. Always. Should have been a sin off for proper use of acquired information, not omniscience.
0	I am almost positive Buenos Aires is a place
0	"USERNAME I think the joke was about it being spelled ""Buenos Aries"" on the paper."
0	USERNAME oh, I was trying to read the other things he mentioned so I missed it
0	What's wrong with BIG TROUBLE?! I love that movie! OK, I don't love it because of Ben Foster's performance, but I wouldn't say he was underused.
0	Do more Disney films. Like the Hunchback of Notre Dame 1996.
0	This movie was fantastic. I think you're being a little too picky
0	USERNAME Acolyte Somebody's new to CinimaSins
0	USERNAME Truths Actually no, been a fan for well over a year and a half. I just happen to really enjoy the film.
0	USERNAME Terranova Read my fucking reply, you damn retard.
0	Dear Cinema Sins. that is not a jeep.
0	Please could you sin dead 7. Its total sh*t.
0	I seriously think this movie is good. fuck this media sins.
0	U gotta do menace II society
0	give you 10 sins. not saying marvel beat psy to the punch on gangman style :P lol
0	This movie isn't bad it's meh. I mean you can still watch it.
0	Well... daredevil? check. elektra? check. punisher? check. DD season 2 has been.... served? I gont nothing
0	TIMESTAMP Smiley Face Bullet Pattern :)
0	I actually love this movie. it's a bit cartoonish, but it has some great moments.
0	dont for get war zone
0	Tomas jane was the worst punisher aside from Dolph
0	Most of these sins are just BS, plus, if you are gonna sin a movie and include a description, get your numbers right! (there are 3 Punisher movies, not 2)
0	I love this Punisher movie. It was a lot better than Warzone.
0	It's good but I prefer the punisher:warzone
0	PUN PUN KILL CHAN! :D
0	Still waiting for everything wrong with The Lego Movie...
0	"The ""gasoline"" nozzle handle is green for diesel."
0	TIMESTAMP no comment on the smiley face?
0	I just LOVED that movie. I loved the character before, a,d during this movie. Definitely NOT in the sequel though.
0	Actually, there are three Punisher movies. :p
0	Please do the sequel!
0	....Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina..........do your geography
0	Acyually, gasoline as a liquid doesn't burn, the gas does.
0	I like this Punisher film more than the '89 or '08 ones
0	Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn!! Instant sub.
0	USERNAME Cooper I second that.
0	USERNAME-ThelastOG cuz of her profile pic wow
0	I suddenly have the desire to go motorboating...
0	OMG I didn't even notice that. Microsoft really needs to sort out scaling for larger 1080p displays.
0	I feel the same. Been saying it for years.
0	USERNAME Cooper Holy shit those tits.
0	"USERNAME Cooper I think you meant to say ""I hate this Punisher film LESS"""
0	I like 89 cuz of Dolph 08 was cool because it showed the brutality of Frank and the tactics he used this one was great but dnt like the direction they took but still a great movie just watched on Netflix the other day
0	USERNAME Cooper seriously though. Thomas Jane was perfect. punisher war zone was suppose to be a direct sequel to the 2004 film but Jane was busy with the mist and hung and couldn't do it so they changed it to a reboot
0	War zone was more true to the comics. Especially Garth Ennis character look.
0	USERNAME lol thanks! c;
0	USERNAME Cooper All I wanna ask is how though.
0	USERNAME Phoenix This film is based on a comic book story written by Garth Ennis. It's pretty faithful too.
0	USERNAME Cooper Right there with you...WarZone was Gun Porn (Good Gun Porn, but still gun-porn)Dolph's in 1989 was just too much a Generic action Movie... Pretty sure aside from his Name they'd only need to change 2 lines of Dialog and it could have been the script to Death Wish 6: The next Generation
0	USERNAME Cooper War Zone was much better than this schlock.
0	warzone is better imo
0	USERNAME Cipher Yeah. That was enough.
0	Still better than Warzone.
0	USERNAME What is Warzone?
0	USERNAME the sequel to this pile of garbage
0	USERNAME It's a sequel to this movie called 'Punisher: Warzone'
0	USERNAME War Zone was better.
0	"USERNAME The sequel, I think (as far as I remember, aside from the ""whole family murdered"" part, nothing in Warzone say that it follows the events of this film)."
0	"This is one of my guilty pleasures to watch. Please review the ""sequel"", Warzone...or whatever it was called."
0	Thomas Jane's Punisher tortures people with ice cream and cries about his feelings. Meanwhile, on Netflix...
0	USERNAME He still cries about his feelings
0	USERNAME You and I watched a very different show, my man.
0	"He did that in the ""welcome back Frank"" storyline."
0	Everything Wrong With Foodfight
0	"Im from Buenos ""Aries"" Ding"
0	I think the actual roll credits should have had 5 sins removed for actually doing that.
0	I hate that I now say roll credits out loud no matter the movie if the movie name is said. Also that last sin don't count. They did it right.
0	Do SCOTT PILGRIM NEXT!
0	that last one should of been a sin off because they did it right.
0	For being such a poor, half-assed adaptation of the Punisher...I will say, this movie had a killer soundtrack. Edit: And how the blue hell is this EWW longer than Elektra?
0	Lol Go Falcons, Rise Up!
0	"I feel that a lot of ""remove sin for badassness"" scenes were left out of this video. And I am sinning you for that. DING."
0	Taking the pulse and listening for breathing at the same time is standard procedure for any healthcare professional. Knock that sin off, he was doing exactly what he should have been.
0	Wait I f**** live in Buenos Aires/ Capital Federal is the capital of Argentina so technically is a place
0	"USERNAME Alvarez If you looked at the text for the sin, it showed as Buenos ""Aries,"" not ""Aires."""
0	Ok thanks
0	It was spelled Buenos Aries, though.
0	dice buenos aries
0	USERNAME no it is not I live here in Argentina and it is spelled Bueno Aires
0	USERNAME Alvarez dude you already admitted that point to Ryan why the fuck you change your mind?
0	USERNAME bc he thought das is literally saying that its spelled Aries irl
0	The screenwriters misspelled Buenos Aires, they accidentally wrote Buenos Aries.
0	"A ""Roll credits"" sin right before they actually roll credits? Deserves -1 sins."
0	everything wrong with space jam
0	Everything Wrong With Doom (the movie). With the new game coming out, it seems fitting.
0	I want to see Everything Wrong with A Clockwork Orange. Movie was slightly messed up in the head, but it was good so I wanna see what he will sin.
0	Please do KFP 3 and Zootopia next.
0	I think that last one should've been a sin off, since they actually waited till the end for and then rolled the credits after.
0	This movie was awesome back in the day. Still is! Sins forgiven.
0	still my favorite punisher movie and love Thomas's portrayal as the punisher
0	This is a hell of a fun film, and has surprisingly good theme music
0	Buenos Aires is not a place? are you sure?
0	The car at the scene of the shootout is a corvette, the one in front of the club is a Ford GT. Ding
0	TIMESTAMP... This is a frame for frame scene from the Punisher comics (and a brilliant one imo)... So not quite a shell of who his comic book self is supposed to be. Atleast not for this scene.
0	Oh no, not Pun Pun :(
0	USERNAME I can tell we have at least one thing in common.
0	"TIMESTAMP Actually, ""Buenos Días Pablo Film Festival"" is translated as ""Good Morning, Pablo. Film Festival"". Still don't get it. They could had named it ""Mi amigo, Pablo"" and it wouldn't had made a difference, really."
0	I can't wait until he does Deadpool
0	Parking in a handicapped slot is worth 10 sins! Nice!
0	I'm going to school in Tampa :'( it's not THAT bad...
0	"Sin Punisher: War Zone. It's ""so bad it's good"" type of low-budget, overly violent and hilariously dumb action movie."
0	USERNAME How dare you. Punisher: War Zone is perfect. It has no sins.
0	USERNAME-ThelastOG Well, that rocket launcher scene was so sinful it caused a sin counter overflow glitch, thus making it sin-less...
0	USERNAME That sounds about right.
0	TIMESTAMP - Some time ago, on a night out met a bum who when offered a 1L bottle of vodka chugged it happily in one go, then sat with us on the beach for 1 hour before strolling away to meet his mates... just saying... Still love CinemaSins regardless :)
0	Pointing out unrealistic parts of a movie in a marvel universe. Sad.
0	Who's the punisher
0	"not using, ""In Soviet Russia, Waldo find you."" cmon Cinema Sins it was right there"
0	Considering how amazing they wrote this character in Daredevil, I can't take this seriously.
0	was there game about this movie on ps2?? we had some kind game wheres skulls
0	This movie's definitely a dud, but I'm not as hard on it as other early Marvel films because (a) they tried to PG-13 him because when you put it down on paper, Punisher is REALLY hard to root for being a remorseless vigilante murderer (even for reasons of vengeance) and it would've been tough to sell that at the time this movie came out and (b) I really love that stupid goofy scene with the Russian. It's so over the top that, to me, it actually is one of the only sequences in the movie that works because of their commitment to the black comedy of the whole scenario. Honestly, this movie's pretty lame, but it's still better than stuff like Daredevil, Elektra, or Spider-Man 3, imo.
0	Should've used a lap dance scene and missed a sin for narration at the end but this was awesome
0	John Wick is kind of a better version of this.
0	"You said ""roll credits"" they actually did. That should a removal. And a couple of these were iffy."
0	USERNAME Kortas The title was still said by a character, so it's still a sin.
0	When you realize he cracked on people with your zodiac sign when cracking on Geminis is the trend--the saltiness is real
0	Why didn't you REMOVE a sin for actually rolling credits after the roll credits thing instead of adding one???
0	USERNAME intensifies The title was still said by a character, so it's still a sin.
0	CinemaSins have no forgiveness...
0	Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina
0	Well Frank can hold his breath for ages as they established in the diving scene but that's not really a super power. Unless this version is a mutant and they wanted to cross him into the X-Men verse. Boy how pissed would Castle be if he found out his neighbour was a cape?
0	I'm from Utah and I don't even know where Aguadilla Bay is
0	WHEN WILL YOU DO DEADPOOL?!
0	USERNAME Phoneyy sinning deadpool is criminal offense xp
0	USERNAME Phoneyy not to doubt Jeremy's powers, but i think he's beat for that on
0	This is bullshit, sins should've been removed with the grenade scene
0	btw that stabbing was real that big guy didnt feel anything and continued the scene
0	USERNAME Erdem Big Daddy Cool doesn't feel pain.
0	USERNAME Erdem Never heard of that before and I've seen probably most of the behind the scenes footage.
0	USERNAME Erdem he Felt it, but the the take was short enough he held it together until they yelled 'cut'
0	USERNAME-ThelastOG except for his quads
0	USERNAME LOL! True...
0	Jack the Giant Slayer next!
0	Bryan Singer directed it!
0	As normal didnt mind the normal sins but at the end when they rolled credits deduct 1 sin
0	Deadpool, because that movie has no sins. NONE.. maybe 1... idk.
0	I still think that this movie is underrated. I now think that Jon Bernthal's Punisher is the best, but I think that the Thomas Jane version here is still good.
0	TIMESTAMP The yellow cars aren't the same...
0	Idk. Maybe the other Punisher movie? Or something different!
0	USERNAME de Vries there's another punisher movie? o.o
0	It says it in the description!
0	"ok, now do ""Dirty Laundry"""
0	Thomas Jane is in this movie. Remove all sins. Gnid
0	The Popsicle torture actually happened in Punishe War Zane issue one. Not sure why it's a sin.
0	In Soviet Russia, Waldo finds you!
0	USERNAME That seems like an especially terrifying prospect.
0	USERNAME Let me leave a comment before your comment gets famous
0	USERNAME That was really good
0	I took off 35 sins because of the soundtrack
0	"""German National Passport"" may indeed be capitalized if it's a proper noun, which I think it is, based on context."
0	That part at TIMESTAMP cribs from Othello. Which wouldn't be so bad, but Vincent Price had already done the same thing in THEATRE OF BLOOD.
0	I loved this film. War zone was bullshit tho
0	I love this movie lol
0	Punisher: War Zone Please!
0	i like that movie.
0	"Could somebody remind me again why people think this movie is terrible? Sure, its not ""X-Men"" or ""Sam Raimi Spiderman"" good but its not ""Amazing Spiderman"" terrible either. It might be a bit light on development but the characters all interact well with each other and the action is well done"
0	The end is near. I say this because the signs of the end are near and Jesus said that during the end times the would be a lot of war,false prophets and false Messiahs would come and deceive many this applies to the other religions like Islam,Hinduism and Buddhism and many were deceived and during the end times there would be a lot of natural disasters and the false prophets are the popes because the have suggested for a one world government which the Antichrist and Satan will use as a way to rule the world. You can find more info in the Bible so repent now and if any of you complain you see and realise that you should have followed my advice and there more emphasis in my father's speech you will see it on BBC or CNN. God bless you.
0	I miss John Pinette :(
0	TIMESTAMP the corvette turned into a ford gt look alike, or just a coinkadink?
0	"""Roll Credi- they are actually rolling credits. Excellent!"" still sins it How does he sin someone for doing something he's been telling them to do for years?! Hypocritical bastard."
0	I've been waiting for that to happen to see what he'd do.
0	USERNAME Philson I know that as***.
0	to be fair, the popsicle torture was in the comics.
0	The conspicuous car referenced at TIMESTAMP at the crime scene is a Corvette. The car in front of the club at TIMESTAMP is a Ford GT40 thus they didn't drive the same car from the crime scene to the club. Please remove 1 sin. Thanks!
0	Brock Lesnar would be perfect as The Russian.
0	USERNAME He would. Just his voice is the problem.
0	USERNAME I think Kevin Nash did it well enough.
0	Nah, he tore his quad. ;)
0	A lot of this stuff is straight from the Welcome Back Frank series.
0	John Pinette though.
0	"""You and I, we're not lucky...we're blessed."" What's the difference, really? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Thumbs up!"
0	This movie is decent.
0	Kevin Nash doesn't tear a quad in this scene DING
0	"I was hoping they would mix the scene where Frank and the Russian bust into the kitchen with audio from Super Shredder's scene in Secret of the Ooze. ""He must of drank the entire thing!"""
0	I've been waiting for this day: 1 - 6. can't argue with that 7. Trying seeing details with motion in real life ( -1) 8. It looked fine (-1) 9. Can't argue with that 10. Have to check for breath though (-1) 11. Can't argue with that 12. I don't get idioms either (-1) 13 Really good timing (-1) 14. I sure will (-1) 15. You'll see in a second (-1) 16 Yeah, you.. have a point there 17 I can let that go (-1) 18. Who cares. logic (-1) 19. Still a crime boss (-1) 20 I can handle that (-1) 21 Muscle spasm (-1) 22 Bleed could have started after (-1) 23 It exists, I'm sure of it (-1) 24 They're moving. so... not much to it (-1) 25 Good they're moving then (-1) 26 Not shocked (-1) 27 Can't argue with that 28 That's pretty funny (-1) 29 I can handle that (-1) 30 Difference? Beliefs (-1) 31 -32 I REALLY can't argue with that at all 33 Yeah, why not? (-1) 34 Can ABSOLUTELY handle that (-1) 35 No one probably expected them to be armed though (-1) 36 - 37 Can't argue with that 38 I can handle that (-1) 39 Better run than be caught eventually (-1) 40 try aiming at close distance like that (-1) 41 its possible (-1) 42 Probably trying to have a good time (-1) 43 - 44 I can handle that (-2) 45 Yeah why not? (-1) 46 See sin 42 (-1) 47 And a good development is being shown (-1) 48 Someone got shot or a commotion or panic had occurred (-1) 49 Yeah, you're right about that 50 - 51 See sing 42 and 46 (-2) 52 Still could bleed out, also, how often do people expect someone to survive a blast like that? (-1) 53 Yeah you're still right about that 54 Something blew up on that pier, fireworks or not, and can still handle that (-1) 55 I can believe he survived that, considering the amount of things people tend to survive in real life (-1) 56 Came to the conclusion there was some form of corruption (-1) 57 I don't mind (-1) 58 Sure why not (-1) 59 I like that (-1) 60 We'll see later (-1)
0	61 I felt it (-10) 62 Doesn't always happen (-1) 63 Yeah that bugged me a bit, but then again, see sin 56 (-1) 64 And that is one of the best logo origins I've seen (-10) 65 He'll find a way, because he's the Punisher (-1) 66 They were careless, let's go with that (-1) 67 Prepare for war (-1) 68 I don't get it (-1) 69 He can, because he's the Punisher (-1) 70 - 71 Character introduction (-2) 72 I don't care (-1) 73 It's fine (-1) 74 Character behavior (-1) 75 Actually, very accurate to the comics from what I recall, and regardless he isn't an idiot, he needs someone to help him, who's going to help him after actual torture like that? (-1) 76 It's just genious (-1) 77 I am too, but I'm fine with that (-1) 78 I deem it appropriate (-1) 79 Sport's jokes I don't get too much (-1) 80 Still, he's not too bright either way (-1) 81 Why not? (-1) 82 He already has his schedule, also the finally will show why (-1) 83 Assuming corrupt leader (-1) 84 I assume he knew and got passed them, because he's the Punisher (-1) 85 Panicking, why else? (-1) 86 Benjmamins! Free Benjamins! (-1) 87 I assume they did, why else didn't any packs fall down? (-1) 88 I can handle that (-1) 89 I can handle that too (-1) 90 Maybe an off day (-1) 91 With twice the amount removed from sin 30 (-2) 92 Yeah, you're right 93 I feel comfortable (-1) 94It most certainly does (-1) 95&#160; But honest (-1) 96 Which is why he asks did you know them, why are they saying sorry then? (-1) 97 I can handle that (-1) 107 Sure it does (-1) 108 I sure do (-1) 109&#160; That guy does, so I can handle it (-1) 110 Yeah your right, but I'll let it slide anyway (-1) 111 It's not like he's going after innocents (-1) 112 Just shows his character (-1) 113 I don't mind (-1) 114 They're add to Franks character (-1) 115 I don't get it (-1) 116 I'm thankful I could enjoy this movie with those who liked it (-115) 117 That's kinda funny (-1) 118 Good thing thousands out there who like this movie actually have&#160; good taste (-1) 119 I don't care (-1) 120 Hahaha (-1)
0	121 A good movie (-1) 122 In Soviet Russia, you don't find Waldo, Waldo finds you! (-1) 123 He was actually stabbed in real life, you'd be surprised about adrenaline (-1) 124 Doesn't make it seem any less possible from happening (-1) 125 I'm not bothered by it (-1) 126 So the fact that he seems to enjoy torturing him hasn't crossed your mind at all? (-1) 127 Not anywhere near (-1) 128 And it was hilarious (-1) 129 Of course not, because HE'S THE PUNISHER! (-1) 130 Do you know how knife wounds work? (-1) 131 Or they are the only one's living there (-1) 132 Depends on level of tolerance (-1) 133 ? (-1) 134 I'm okay with that (-1) 135&#160; More like hip, but eyy whatever you see (-1) 136 I can't argue with that 137 Dave felt like standing up for a change (-1) 138 But sure is greatful for being stood up for, that's sort of why they had that part earlier in the movie, remember? (-1) 139 Sadist, why else? (-1) 140 White turing to skull shirt eventually, symbolic? (-1) 141 More quiet, and is angry after what happened. (-1) 142 You missed everything, or you're playing around, regardless (-20) 143 What? (-1) 144 She's representing what many people think (-1) 145 He was prepared (-1) 146 And he must have failed to learn that when applying for the job (-1) 147 Punisher already knew Howard was already doubting and slowly breaking (-1) 148 A really great reaction (-1) 149 She's just talking (-1) 150 She's a little confused (-1) 151 Seems like a good punishment, man kills his wife and friend only to find out they had nothing to do with anything in the end (-1) 152 Coincidental (-1) 153 He's disorganized, why else (-1) 154 The PUNisher? (-1) 155 Outside the outskirts of the Saint's building (-1) 156 They're panicking (-1) 157 Heading back to one of the reasons why Punisher can be seen more justified than Howard. 158 Probably do (-1) 159 Due to foreshadow from conversation with Micky. (-1) 160 Doesn't have to, he's the Punisher (-1) 161 First time he met her, good memories can save your life? (-1) 162 The Punisher (-50)
0	do deadpool
0	I'm early let me think of a good comment I got nothing
0	Wait hold up, the car at TIMESTAMP is a Corvette, the car at TIMESTAMP is a For Gt? What the hell?
0	still a great movie. back when marvel was more hardcore. the netflix shows are getting back to those roots.
0	USERNAME leader honestly this was still way too tame for the punisher. even in daredevil he's a little more soft than he should be, but he's at least closer to the source in that
0	I don't know if I speak for everyone, but it I think that people would like it if you replaced the movie on the fourth Thursday (or something like that) with 3 episodes of a TV show (about TIMESTAMP or the length of a movie).
0	USERNAME place for Me to post stuff Who watches TV in a cinema? Like, what?
0	Sin 157, I think he was talking about his other son. The one Frank just blew up with a grenade.
0	"USERNAME We Trust Nope. Because directly after that line you hear a scream, a detonation and Frank saying ""both of them"" :D"
0	USERNAME Oh, my bad. Must have been too long since I last saw it.
0	"USERNAME We Trust No he's really talking about the first one, because the second one dies seconds later, and Frank says ""Both of them"""
0	I always kinda liked this movie. I know it's not good but it was cool seeing one of my favorite comic book characters get one. The portrayal of him in Daredevil is way better
0	eww boondock saints
0	Everything wrong with Zootopia?! ez shit
0	Hop off of Tampa's dick damn.
0	Are yal just prepping to sin all of Netflix's Daredevil?
0	do punisher warzone
0	man this was my childhood
0	"""Roll cred.... they are actually rolling credits"" LMAO"
0	cinema sins are the compromises movies have to make with reality?
0	This movie was great.
0	I thought this movie was absolutely amazing
0	Personally i liked this movie.
0	Buenos Aires is a place in Argentina dumbass.
0	"Buenos ""Aries"" is not however. Rewatch it."
0	Still one of my all time favorite Marvel movies.
0	That is sad
0	USERNAME theboss this movie is till better than war zone
0	USERNAME theboss ehh they like whatever they want
0	USERNAME Ortiz and ghost rider!
0	USERNAME Ortiz good point
0	USERNAME theboss I personally love this movie but it is not my favorite marvel movie. My favorite would either be Blade 1 or Spider Man 2.
0	Why is there no hints on what youre doing next week in the description?
0	USERNAME Reynisson That's exactly what I was thinking. Perhaps they're not doing anything next week?
0	USERNAME Yeah probably not.
0	I actually used to love this movie. The new Punisher on Daredevil Netflix Series makes this one look less cool.
0	USERNAME julien I still prefer Thomas Jane's Punisher. I like the cool, methodical Punisher. Netflix Punisher was a bit too psychotic for my tastes. Shooting up a hospital just to kill one minor criminal who was already in police custody wasn't really a very Punisher thing to do.
0	Most vehicles have those wires behind them under the bumper.
0	fuck off it was a good movie
0	I'd love to see you sin The Godfather.
0	Everything Wrong With Who Killed Captain Alex?
0	I'm wearing a punisher shirt now
0	Some of the moments the received sins really prove this guy did absolutely zero research and knows next to nothing about the Punisher. solid video none the less.
0	R u new? As he once said, THE BOOKS DO NOT MATTER.
0	"USERNAME Kim​ I'm sure he said that simply to justify his own ignorance. Like ""Hey the books don't matter because I have no prior knowledge on The Punisher, so that makes it okay!"""
0	USERNAME Hoyle R u new? This is a channel to give people laughs, not to review movies.
0	USERNAME Hoyle Cinema Sins not Comic/Series sins they just sin the movie and what the movies show. Go watch Everything Wrong with Cinema sins.
0	USERNAME Hoyle The fact that you made this comment really proves that you know nothing about this channel and the fact that it's been stated several times 'We're not critics, we're assholes.' solid comment nonetheless.
0	USERNAME Estelle I've been watching this channel for years dude, I know the format. My complaint mainly is just questioning the Punisher's method. The Punisher only kills bad guys, he is lawful evil. He's not a bad guy
0	USERNAME Hoyle if u have been watching for years you wouldnt be complaining about stuff like this.
0	USERNAME Kim Well I have been watching for years, and I still am complaining about this stuff.
0	carino
0	"Hey now, don't profane the good name of bees. Those ""pests"" are responsible for almost everything you eat that doesn't have a face."
0	No, see, you're missing the point! This punisher punishes via pranks! The popsicle torture, the fire hydrant, the parking tickets, etc. They're all just pranks! He was the original youtube prankster!
0	Dead body petting lol
0	As a tampa native I really don't get all the sins against the city. Why do you hate Tampa so much?
0	I really hate it when a supposedly dark hero can't even get through a torture scene correctly. Batman, the Dark Knight. Oooh he so dark and scary...that he won't kill anybody no matter how evil or murderous. Green Arrow, basically the archer version of Batman. Oooooh he so dark and scary after spending 5 years on an island....that he's gotten to the point where he won't even torture people anymore. Seriously, with how dangerous Darhk is, you'd think he'd make the smart decision to kill him The Punisher (from this movie), the vengeful vigilante who will stop at nothing to avenge his family's death. Oooooh he so dark and scary....that he has to fake a torture scene, cares about two bumbos, and won't run over a little girl. What, do writers think we won't like the character if he actually just kills people without making some big fucking deal out of it? This is annoying when the characters are adapted for screen time and get changed through that, but it applies to original comic characters, like Batman and Green Arrow. Don't advertise them as dark heroes who inhabit the grey area of morality when they are so toothless that they won't kill anyone at all. They aren't dark heroes. There's no grey area there. They're just powerless Supermans with different colored costumes!!! Goddamn, and that's why I enjoyed Dawn of Justice's Batman a little more. He was an actual dark knight grey area when he didn't hesitate to kill, at least before the end where he clearly learned his lesson and will stop killing.
0	Jesus your edgy. Green Arrow isn't against killing and isn't supposed to be dark. Batman was never supossed to be grey , he's a hero that uses fear as a factor and would rough someone up he isn't supossed to be a killer. Ultimately characters who don't kill don't do so because most people would find that hypocritical. in the case of characters who do they reserve lethal force for scumbags who deserve it. it's not difficult to understand.
0	USERNAME Oliver won't even kill Darhk or Slade. Those guys are incredibly evil and dangerous and he refuses to kill them. And in both cases, more people died because they were left alive. He most certainly is against killing, hence the boxing glove arrow. Hence why he refuses to kill the main villains. Batman is called the DARK Knight. It's not hypocritical to kill someone to prevent them from killing many more people. In fact, it's more hypocritical to allow them to live because then they could continue killing more people, which is not what a hero is supposed to do. Oliver let Darhk live and a bunch of prison guards and Laurel Lance was killed. Batman lets Joker live and escape all the time, and many more people die as a result. If that's not hypocritical, it sure is fucking stupid and childish. Even the childish ninja turtles weren't against killing. Every time they didn't kill Shredder it wasn't because they didn't want to. It was because they couldn't because of how much stronger he was. And given the chance, Leonardo straight up murdered the guy (later revealed that he wasn't really killed, but the point is that he didn't hesitate to kill him). The Power Rangers (most teams at least) are more willing to kill (most of their villains are killed and straight up explode). Talking turtles and rainbow spandex heroes are willing to do darker things than Batman. What the fuck does that tell you about how dark Batman actually is?
0	"He won't run over the little girl because he only kills criminals, and that torture scene is psychological, and a perfect recreation of the scene in ""welcome back, Frank""."
0	This movie is very fun, I love it
0	So this movie has about 20-25 sins after you take out all the shitty jokes and puns Jeremy made and the sins where the movie did what Jeremy wanted but sinned anyway. I guess i'm going to have to clean up these videos in the comments sections
0	"USERNAME Does that count the ""You killed my son"" one? Because the character was referring to the son he did kill."
0	It's not that Frank doesn't have a conscience, he just believes that everyone he kills is deserving of that fate, so it doesn't both him. I guarantee that if he killed an innocent by mistake, he would be feel bad about it. Especially if it's children or an animal.
0	He once thought that he'd killed a child, that basically drove him to almost kill himself.
0	this is the Good punisher movie
0	So true. At least it wasn't entirely senseless in the action
0	Everything wrong with cars
0	"TIMESTAMP Whatever. ""Big Trouble"" was a good movie. Come to think of it, so was this."
0	I love this Punisher.
0	the pulse checking thing was not a sin, you are listening for breathing, looking down the chest to see if their chest is moving, feeling for a pulse, and trying to feel breathing on your cheek
0	This movie is actually underrated.
0	you guys missed a sin. When his wife and son died, the mother changed her body pose position. If you watch the movie you'll notice her dead face up, but later on she is on her side facing her dead son.
0	with any basic knowledge of the punisher, a large portion of the sins would have not be sins…..
0	You shouldn't need a prior knowledge to enjoy the movie
0	USERNAME McMillan even without prior knowledge if you pay attention to the movie a lot of the sins are explained.
0	OK, goons kicking that younger guy...That was pathetic! He actually looked relieved, for God's sake!
0	That Cypress Hill line....ROFL!
0	its not a jeep its a Chevy Blazer ding
0	USERNAME Brown that was my thought too! but it looked like a ford
0	this is one of marvel best movies I love this movie so much such a shame we didnt get a sequel. but im very happy with the daredevil punisher at least we got that
0	USERNAME almarzook ah, it's an ok action film on it's own, but isn't a particularly well liked adaptation of the Punisher source material, but with Jon Bernthal's portrayal of Punisher from the Netflix Daredevil getting such good reviews, it'll hopefully lead to a spin off or something. edit : well, lo and behold, a quick search reveals Netflix have indeed ordered a series for the Punisher, with Jon Berthal playing him. Woot woot
0	I heard it already did hopefully it's true
0	Everything wrong with Deadpool!!!!
0	Sin 95: No, no it's not I can't tell if Jeremy legitimately thinks that if racism could possibly be a factor it MUST be the only factor. He's already sinned twice because a somewhat Italian looking guy making pasta and eating pizza can only be eating that because of course all Italians only eat that. It couldn't possibly be a guy just making typical food. Then sinned again for... no rational reason. Bumbo isn't italian, and she already named the one freak looking metal guy, there's only one person left.
0	USERNAME DUDE, it's a joke, he says alot of things are racist, he even calls sexist things racist
0	Man, these guys really know how to make a movie sound like it's utter crap... even when it's not
0	Always a little sad when I see a guilty pleasure get sinned.
0	The other Punisher was better (Not by much.), mostly for the violence and streamlined plot.
0	I like this movie.
0	that was a blazer not a jeep, learn your vehicles if you're gonna nit pick! haha. 1 sin for cinema sins.
0	TIMESTAMP this should be the PUNisher
0	next punisher war zone
0	"Why do you sin ""roll credits"" when they are rolling credits? It's unfair!"
0	Surprised he didn't sin the giant flaming punisher in the end
0	It was pretty cool
0	Totally should've removed the Sin for the actual Name drop ON the roll credits. I still think he makes the best Punisher-IF he had been allowed to properly be the Punisher. The Warzone guy wasn't bad but not the Punisher. The new guy in Netflix is pretty good, but I would've liked Thomas Jane in that position more I think. Shane can play crazy-but he can't play unsettled. Its 0 ot 100 with him, which isn't what the Punisher really needs
0	I, again, thought of DareDevil ;-;
0	Nooooo please go easy on the film
0	This movie has its problems yes, BUT I still love it despite said flaws.
0	Really thought you'd make some sort of reference to the Prometheus school of running away from things when it showed Frank's family running from the truck. Surely they could've at least tried to dodge it?
0	Everything wrong with the Warriors PLZ
0	I quite like this movie, it isn't great but it's a good popcorn flick. It's a film you can watch when you wanna turn your brain off for a while. I can totally see why people didn't like it though. I do prefer the Punisher from the Daredevil series though, not the actor, but the character itself, I personally thought that Thomas Jane was a pretty good Frank Castle.
0	There have actually been three Punisher movies, not two. The first one was released in 1989, filmed in Sydney and starring Dolph Lundgren, but apparently it wasn't released theatrically in the U.S.
0	tbh I kinda liked punisher war zone said kinda.. like more than this one
0	Actually, when taking someone's pulse like that, you're supposed to put your ear close to check for breathing. Soooo -1 sin.
0	Hey,the 2nd one was shit,but the one doesn't deserve a sin video.
0	since we got punisher we need war zone, or the mask which ever one makes them have the most fun sinning
0	My girlfriend calls me the punisher..., she also calls me Ray Rice jr.
0	USERNAME I beat it to your girlfriend.
0	Why do you sin when they started rolling credits? That should have been a sin off! Come on....
0	Should have taken a sin off when they actually rolled credits when they said the name
0	Gangland-Style not being a reference because it's such an old movie weirdin me out
0	I'm hoping we get a reboot with Jon Bernthal
0	There is going to be a Netflix series about him.
0	TIMESTAMP NOW Castle has blood stains on his shirt and jacket when he didn't before. TIMESTAMP BUT he has no blood stains on his skin for some reason. TIMESTAMP Best undercover cop? His suspect was shot dead. How is that a good job. TIMESTAMP Not only is the explosion gratuitous but the fire forms a perfect Punisher skull logo.
0	Pulling wires from under a bumper of a car is a sin? Do you guys even realize how many wire harnesses are on a car?
0	Could you please do Fury next I love that movie! I've wanted it for a while now.
0	"sin ""the spongebob movie: sponge out of water"""
0	I just love how every EWW video has an Old School reference
0	:44 Actually when checking for a pulse EMTs also often check for breathing. That's why he leaned close to him with his ears.
0	Thomas Jane is Christopher Lambert
0	Remove 10 sins for having Thomas Jane as Punisher instead of the original played by Dolph Lundgren
0	The popcicle torture is actually taken straight from the comics, so no sin there.
0	USERNAME Something can be dumb in comics too. This isn't CinemaShouldBeMoreFaithfulToTheSourceMaterialSins.
0	Ok, but I don't think its dumb, and he was saying it was out of character for the Punisher, and if it is from the comics then it is not out of character, that was more my point.
0	Guilty Pleasure...don´t know why
0	Too bad there wasn't a Pulp Fiction joke in the end.
0	the Punisher in Daredevil is so awesome unlike this crap lol
0	Very true
0	USERNAME Sin #10, not a sin. When performing your initial assessment the rescuer should: 1) Assess for scene safety and Body Substance Isolation. 2) Identify the Mechanism of Injury or the Nature of illness. In this case the MOI was a gunshot would or perforating trauma. 3) Request additional resources if necessary. 4) Assume C-Spine Immobilization. Which this PT may need. 5) Form a general Impression of the patient, who looks like shit. 6) Assess the patients level of Consciousness, unresponsive, which the rescuer did not do. 7) Identify the Chief complaint or any life threats. This patient appears to have suffered a massive multi-system trauma with penetrating and perforating injuries, possible spinal injury. But here's the kicker Jeremy: Step #8) Assess the Patients ABCs, Their Airway first, then the breathing by Look, Listen and Feeling with the face, eyes and ears (sometimes a stethoscope) and Taking a central pulse at the carotid artery by palpation. this rescuer assumed both B and C at the same time. No Sin. Source: Paramedic
0	Make a movie's sins about the Minion movie.
0	hello
0	Everything wrong with Deadpool soooooooooooooooon
0	Sin:30 Blessed: made holy; consecrated.endowed with (a particular quality or attribute). Lucky: success or failure apparently brought by chance rather than through one's own actions. But anyway, tips Fedorah muh atheism.
0	Buenos Aires is a place. Capital of Argentina.
0	USERNAME Machado Yes, but Buenos Aries is not a place :)
0	Everything Wrong With all the Shrek movies. Or at least the first one!
0	when Batman The Killing joke gets released, will you make a Video about that please?
0	"Wait a second. Should the final ""sin"" actually not be counted since it does roll the credits?"
0	Luck is random, blessed is intentional. You're forgiven tho cos it's cute to hear you laughing at your own lines.
0	Everything Wrong With The Rest Of The Fucking Resident Evil Movies USERNAME Silent Hill And Alone In The Dark Just For Good Measure. Or is that too long a video title?
0	I actually liked this movie,it was definitely one of my favorite marvel movies mainly cause he doesn't dwell on the morality of killing,cause in most other movies with heroes Dat would be wrong!!!
0	I haven't even seen this movie but what the hell was that shit? That movie looks boring and confusing as hell!
0	USERNAME No sins for the magical salad at the family slaughter that got shot out of the bowl? Gets shot out. Appears as nothing happened. Then it's gone again for the explosion if im not to wrong.
0	When you check for blood circulation you also look down the body to see if their chest is rising and falling so that 11th sin is bullshit
0	Bridge to terabithia GODDAMIT!!!!!!!!!!!
0	the wiring under the bumper connects to the break lights those are external but on most they would be stored inside the trunk on newer models
0	TIMESTAMP Also, Kevin Nash didn't tear quad in this scene.
0	Why are we getting Elektra and The Punisher now? Daredevil Season 2 aired months ago.
0	Sinning the best of the Punisher movies -- that's a sin
0	"I thought I've never seen this movie, then I saw this russian guy...and I'm like ""ohhhh"" :D"
0	since you're doing gangster movies, i really think you should do legend
0	everything worng with daredevil 2003
0	I'd have taken a sin off for the Ani-personell mine moment, but that's just me
0	Oh come on, if you are okay enough to even move after being pushed off a bridge, you also have the strength to do a couple barrel rolls off the train tracks. Also, death by train, I'm pretty sure is on the top 5 list of cliched ways to kill someone in a movie.
0	do blade 1 and 2. then when xmen apocalypse come out do Blade Trinity and deadpool
0	I'm surprised he didn't add a sin for the knife blade he shoots. It's in the guy's neck and when the camera pans back to Castle the knife blade is in the knife.
0	"Hahahaha, that arrested development quote. ""I just want my kids back"""
0	errrr.... can someone send me to Everything wrong with Friends With Benefit?
0	Haw! Ya missed one! when he fired the blade from the ballistic knife into the strumming hitman's throat the blade was still in the knife a second later!
0	for missing one so obvious, I sentence you to watch ''Indiana Jones and the temple of doom'' and do an ''everything wrong with it'' video. may God have mercy on your soul.
0	USERNAME Clinton damn bro good one
0	USERNAME Harrington thanks, sis!
0	USERNAME Clinton BTW check TIMESTAMP to see.
0	What movies do you like, boi??
0	One sin missed: In the classified file, his undercover persona is written otto Kreig in the top, but Krieg in the description.
0	One sin missed: In the classified file, his undercover persona is written otto Kreig in the top, but Krieg in the description.
0	I hated this movie
0	I wondered if there would be a Hung reference. TIMESTAMP
0	I like this movie. lolz, the sequel waz suuuuuper bad though
0	10 sins for a bad parking? XD
0	I love this movie! :D thanks for another great sins video!!
0	The Popsicle torture did actually happen in the comics; URL
0	There are three Punisher movies, just saying.
0	but seriously, he skipped many parts that made scenes he is dissecting. These videos usually depict shitty movies this way and that's fine, but he left a lot out for the sake of sins but wow, what a stretch at times
0	Everything Wrong with Van Helsing (2004)
0	Everything wrong with wanted 2009
0	2008 lol
0	Actually this movie was great. 4/5
0	Oh shit, I remember this. It made me stop watching Marvel movies forever.
0	mom my arm amd mom grandpa's boat; worst acting ever....
0	I actually LOVE this film, especially the Extended Edition. I respect Jeremy's opinion though.
0	He's insulting so many people who live in tampa
0	Does this movie have anything to do with daredevil?
0	No? Why ask?
0	USERNAME The punisher was in daredevil. Same real name, costume, everything.
0	USERNAME This movie has nothing to do with Daredevil the Netflix series.
0	Nah
0	Nope
0	USERNAME lmfao this movie was made way before the daredevil show on netflix and the origin are different you idiot.
0	It many many years before the new DareDevil Netflix one -still better then the dolph lundgren one.
0	USERNAME it's *
0	That popsicle torture scene was actually in the comics. Also, all the people in the comments section saying this is their favorite Marvel movie is giving me some serious depression.
0	USERNAME Totinski Aww, is someone butthurt? XD Seriously though, if people love it that is on them. Deal with it.
0	USERNAME Hagan Thank you so much for the coping techniques. I feel hopeful that this will help me with my depression.
0	You're stupidity is giving me depression
0	USERNAME Weaver *Your
0	overweight Italian guy eating pizza while making pasta this a may be racist
0	overweight Italian guy eating pizza while making pasta this a may be racist
0	haha dislike 69
0	"Everything Wrong With ""Forest Gump"""
0	I like this movie. I think it is underrated
0	USERNAME Stewart Me too, it doesn't deserve all the hate
0	USERNAME Stewart ...This was a good underrated movie, BUT it should have never been associated with the PUNISHER, it would have worked just as a stand alone revenge movie. The best portrayal of the PUNISHER is in the 2nd season of DAREDEVIL
0	EWW Kangaroo Jack
0	I actually think this movie was really badass lol
0	USERNAME “YourSisterRaper” Francisco Me too, especially the Extended Edition. :)
0	Sin all you want, I still love all the Punisher movies! I'll probably also like the upcoming series ^^
0	This was a good movie, well to be fair i'm not a hardcore comic fan but i do know the basics of frank but this movies was ok other wise
0	TIMESTAMP Dirty laundry reference?
0	Everything wrong with tango and cash please.
0	wow.... major flashback!
0	I know it's terrible but I still love this movie
0	We need an everything wrong with deadpool
0	Holy shit, Bumpo is played by John Pinette! Love that mother fucker. He died just last year. Very unfortunate.
0	I was hoping you wouldn't sin this movie, but oh well
0	"lol ""I guess we are going to the liquor store then?"" was a that a dirty laundry reference? and they should have taken out a sin for actually rolling the credits after he said the punisher."
0	"HOW DID YOU MISS ""IN SOVIET RUSSIA WALDO FINDS YOU"""
0	THE ONLY 21st century MARVEL MOVIE WITH ZERO CGI
0	Punisher is punished for its sins. lol
0	Is this a Daredevil special? I think they discovered Netflix.
0	Damnit I liked this movie
0	You Forgot The Biggest Sin Of All...Having Filmed This In Tampa! Could The Producers Not Find ANY Other City To Film This In?
0	everything wrong with the mummy
0	Meme sin to you, Mr. You don't find Soviet Waldo, Soviet Waldo finds you.
0	"""this is a new York diner no one comes in and plays their guitar""....you've never worked in the industry have you? I have had that exact thing happen literally. TWICE."
0	I was literally watching this for the first time last night thinking how shit it was
0	The lore was completely wrong
0	More bonus rounds.
0	Of course he's easier to find, in Russia, Waldo find you!
0	no mention of the giant fire that forms the punisher logo??
0	take off a sin for calling it a jeep repeatedly
0	In Russia, Waldo finds you.
0	Pedantic, but the EMT guy is listening for breath, not a pulse. Any CPR course would tell you that.
0	What a sour piece of movie making shit this film is, or was. Punisher: War Zone was much better than this POS but still didn't get the Punisher right. On the other hand, the Dolph Lundgren effort was at least a better directed Punsher interpretation because it was helmed by James Cameron's then film editor buddy, Mark Goldblatt. This film, by the time you get to the big showdown, just makes you feel sordid and sleazy once you've seen Travolta's secretly homosexual buddy get framed for having an affair with Desdemona (Hah! Othello ref. there, dumbasses) or whatever the wife is called ;-(
0	Can we get some princess bride? Please?
0	Buenos Aires IS in fact a place. Main state of Argentina. Shit place, granted, but it IS a place.
0	USERNAME I think it was spelled wrong, but I'm too lazy to go back and check.
0	They misspelled it on the paper
0	USERNAME Mensch I stand corrected, then. *ding! *
0	USERNAME you're an idiot.
0	USERNAME You misspelled it, too.
0	USERNAME Buenos Aires is. Buenos Aries (as it was spelled in the scene) is not.
0	USERNAME Yeah, no.
0	USERNAME Not so shitty, man.
0	USERNAME Vampiro I live here. The whole country is a joke.
0	USERNAME Aries. Not Aires.
0	USERNAME The actual place is called Buenos Aires. as I said, I didn't notice it was misspelled on the paper, If that's what you're pointing, it has been addressed already.
0	USERNAME It's spelled wrong on the form though, so technically they're not talking about that place.
0	Yeah, that has been addressed already.
0	USERNAME lol bro just delete your comment
0	USERNAME What Menibor said.
0	USERNAME When I typed that there were no responses to this comment, sorry lol.
0	USERNAME it's k
0	I liked this Punisher! It was better than the one before and the one that followed.
0	USERNAME Shawn Bernthal is The Punisher. Nostalgia be damned.
0	"USERNAME Krius Haha! I mean't Dolph Lundgren (Punisher before), and Ray Stevenson (Punisher after). But concerning Jon Bernthal, am I the only one who thinks he played the Punisher a little too whiny? I mean, the Punisher I knew was cold and calculating, and extremely skilled and battle tested. Kind of like Gunny Highway from ""Heartbreak Ridge"" x 10. Jon's Punisher was emotional and sloppy. Granted, the really emotional scenes, concerning his family, was really good for fleshing out his character, but he was that way throughout the whole movie. Jon would've played a great, Bigshot, from ""The Tick"", though."
0	USERNAME Shawn I don't think anyone trying to avenge their family can be criticized for being whiny. I couldn't even imagine what type of agony one would be in to have that happen to them.
0	USERNAME Krius Batman.
0	USERNAME Shawn Lol I can see why someone would say that because he was a kid when that happened and he still won't let it go. Frank on the other hand had that happened to him 2 seconds ago in comparison.
0	"USERNAME Krius Yeah, they wrote the Punisher with a good, ""Revenge is a dish best served hot."" mentality. But, the Punisher isn't your normal everyday man. This is a guy who's been through war and went back for more (literally). The death of his family was definitely the tipping point for him, but the real Punisher turned into a cold and calculating vigilante, not an emotional wreck. Even a certain Superhero from a certain Civil War movie who may have lost a certain someone reacted in a much less whiny fashion."
0	USERNAME Shawn In reality Frank would likely become an emotional wreck than being pretty much devoid of emotion. Also in the way he dispatched his victims he was very calculating but got emotional when the situation calls for it. Remember, we're supposed to sympathize with this man so if he has no emotions it will be hard to establish a connection with the characters.
0	USERNAME Krius You can still have a relatable Punisher without being Job Bernthal's version of the Punisher; the same way people could relate to John Wayne and Clint Eastwood's characters, or the main characters in Captain America: Civil War. In reality, people who've been through war and are willing to go back for more have a different mindset from people who haven't. Just like how some people give up on life after losing their high school sweetheart, and other people can move from one woman to another. The Punisher would've manned up and gotten revenge, and handled his tragic lost more like Tom's Punisher. To each his own, though. Personally, I prefer Tom's Punisher.
0	USERNAME Shawn Exactly. To each his own :)
0	"I actually thought it was a pretty good character introduction, because really setting frank up to become the punisher at the end is all this movie is trying to do. I have to admit though, I find the fight between frank and the Russian hilarious. mainly because of all the ""oh shit"" and ""what the fuck"" moments."
0	I've been here for a while, I know how this channel works....but this one should have went to the can. Reaching is funny and opens up more comments but this was a pretty sad attempt.
0	i actually liked the punisher
0	WORST MOVIE EVER
0	This is one of my favorite movies, it's full of stupid shit sure, and I do mean full, there is plenty of dumb shit, but it's still extremely entertaining, plus it's The Punisher so I'll watch it no matter what.
0	they stole everything from welcome back frank by garth ennis and steve dillion. comic book way better than the movie.
0	I know the questions is rhetorical but luck would imply a random uncontrollable event while blessed would suggest a divine help that could be called on.
0	I'm telling you if Nicholas cage was the punisher in this film, it would've been a reverse face off. With out the face.....OFF!!
0	I actually enjoyed the first movie..
0	the car his wife drives is a blazer not a jeep. *ding 1 sin
0	everything wrong with sandlot
0	this is a shit movie, but Jane's punisher is what the punisher should be and it kinda makes me sad how poorly written Frank Castle is overall. and there are 3 punisher movies.
0	Ray Stevenson was a better Punisher
0	USERNAME McMillan that's the exact portrayal of the punisher i don't like.
0	USERNAME Jenkins which is weird because thats exactly how The Punisher is
0	USERNAME McMillan i don't dispute that, but it's the reason why i don't like the punisher as a character. he's boring and jane at least brought some humanity to the role, which i appreciate.
0	Hey, hey now! They rolled credits at the right time! That should be a negative sin!
0	How is roll credits (the very thing you've wanted them ft do all along) a sin.
0	2 Punisher movies? Have they forgotten about War Zone or the Dolph Lundgren movie?
0	at least the netflix daredevil got punisher right
0	Awwww. I love pun pun kill-chan!
0	War zone next please
0	Everything wrong with the godfather
0	"You should mention that Frank Castle stole the ""paper cutter weapon"" trick from Elijah Wood's character in The Faculty, in the scene where he chopped off the fingers of Jon Stewart's character."
0	Please do The Warriors (1979)
0	Deadpool please
0	Um, with the sentence, could you be a little more specific? Tampa Utah? Tampa Tennessee? Where exactly?
0	"USERNAME And my big hang up with this movie is that there was no spanking of ANY kind in the movie at ALL. I paid GOOD money to go to the THEATER to see a movie called the ""Punisher"" thinking I was going to be able to see some hot chick get spanked by some hot guy, or hopefully a bunch of hot chicks get spanked by some hot guy, and I was met with disappointment. No spanking whatsoever. I didn't get off on this movie at all. And I mean that literally."
0	"C'mon, grow a pair or two; sin some real movies: A Clockwork Orange Spartacus 2001 Dr. Strangelove The Shining Eyes Wide Shut Or are you just skeered of Stanley?..."")"
0	He also hasn't sinned Pulp Fiction, some movies are too powerful to sin.
0	A sin for realistic bullet damage on a human pah no blod come out when u shot it sorta flows after some time
0	Looks like the origin story ruined it. Punisher doesn't need an origin story!
0	TIMESTAMP to be fair, when you take someone's pulse you do take a pulse with 2 fingers, and you use your ears to check if they're breathing, while watching the person's chest for the rise and fall of a breath. (i am a lifeguard/lifesaver and this is what we're taught with standard first aid as well as higher level lifesaving)
0	Didn't the exploding cars at the end form the shape of the punisher skull? I'd go get my copy and check, but then everyone would know I own... shit.
0	Jon Bernthal did a way better Punisher in Daredevil season 2....duh, anyway....
0	Thomas Jane was good but Jon Bernthal was the best.
0	I still like that in this film his whole family is killed, versus the Daredevil version where it's his wife and kids, which is sad just not as sad, the film version really does have nothing to lose. Well no one to lose.
0	No... He was too ugly and acted like he had been crime fighting for years when he started in the beginning of the season. Quite an error.
0	USERNAME lol nope, Jon is definitely the best one
0	USERNAME I believe his wife and kids were the only family he had. So technically his entire family is killed in Daredevil. He still has nothing to loose.
0	USERNAME Punisher was never good looking. Also why he may not have been fighting crime for very long, he is a veteran so he has experience with planning, killing, and weapons already.
0	USERNAME Manka can't really compare; one is from a show, one is from a movie
0	USERNAME I can compare the way they played the character, specifically in comparison with the comics.
0	USERNAME Manka i guess....whatever floats your boat
0	USERNAME Manka Okay, yes I know the punisher. He is one of my favorite vigilantes. But no matter how trained and strong you are you can't just show up in a town and know where all the criminals and mobs are, let alone having hundreds of weapons. I AM TALKING ABOUT HIS DAREDEVIL ORIGIN, not his current origin. Adleast this movie goes into his training and getting weapons.
0	USERNAME He didn't just show up. He lived in NY. I too am referring to his Daredevil Origin. I am unclear on how he gets all the guns. Ill give you that. But knowing the character from the comics and from what we've seen in the show, he probably had connections in the military or just stole some from some bad guys.
0	"USERNAME Manka I don't mean ""showed up"" like that, I meant it as in appear in crime fighting acting like he'd done it for years, when this was his beginning."
0	Was it just me or was every other scene in this movie almost pitch black? I couldn't see a damn thing for most of it!
0	Dang, no love for Big Trouble? I love that movie.
0	Wait, you are not going to Sin the scene with the final explosion that conveniently forms the Punisher symbol? C'mon Jeremy!
0	What did you just say about Buenos Aires bro? Yeah, I'm argentinean.
0	USERNAME If u read the subtitles he puts in caps that it was spelled 'Buenos ARIES'
0	He didn't say anything offensive? Just pointed out it was spelled wrong
0	Yes I know, it was a joke people. Jeezzz
0	I wasn't upset, just figured you missed it. I had to make a second pass in the video because I listen to this at work. Without reading along, you completely miss the joke. And yeah, that's the problem with written text. It's hard to know when people are joking. Buenas noches.
0	I'm blown away that they didn't sin the car explosion becoming the punisher logo.
0	The last sin should be removed for actually rolling credits lol
0	At TIMESTAMP extra sin for no consistency. That car goes from corvette to gt40 in no time.
0	He must be a falcons fan, best line!!!!
0	Rebecca Romijn doesn't get naked. Only sin
0	Hey! 14 year old me loved this movie!
0	When is Deadpool happening?
0	USERNAME Newman When it's released on DVD.
0	of course he murdered the truck! how is that a sin?
0	Shit ass movies.
0	blessed means that someone watches after you, lucky means that somehow things work out for you without a deity or some absolut intervention.
0	There were more eating scenes than killing in this movie.
0	thank you cinemasins for being you
0	Everything Wrong with the Mist needs to happen.
0	greatest marvel movie ever and one of the best movies ever can't even remember how many times I've seen it
0	It's good that they don't live in australia. If they leave the door open for a bit there will be already ten different species in your home out to kill you. :d
0	You could have removed a sin for the Roll Credits at the best time possible (for once...), oh well, still enjoyed the video
0	can u pls do a review on krampus 2015 plsss
0	Honestly , i'm absolutely chuffed that Jon Bernthal is the new punisher. Bloody hated this movie.
0	What does chuffed mean?
0	USERNAME Happy, Excited, Pleased.
0	Severely underrated movie. It's cartoony as hell but a fun time. Thomas Jane was great and it has some great action scenes. Of course it has issues, but it's highly entertaining. Anyone who actually hates it needs to get the stick out of their ass.
0	USERNAME White I just wish more writers would make Frank Castle as sympathetic as they make this version of him.
0	Do the Warriors
0	do the Crow!!!!
0	TIMESTAMP Passport is capitalized because it is defining something official
0	A little over two minutes into this and it already pissed me off that Frank isn't a New York cop and that they fucked up his backstory. I still say War Zone is decent tho
0	Hahaha Very clever. Russian Waldo finds you.
0	Awww, Punisher is my favorite Marvel movie tho
0	Awesome video but just so you knooow.... TIMESTAMP So, I'm an EMT, and that actually is how we check for a carotid pulse, and we do put our ears close to the patient to listen for breathing :)
0	You added a sin for the roll credits when you were supposed to remove it.
0	It's a good thing I recently decided to watch breaking bad lol
0	Half of this video is criticizing the movie. The other half is insulting Ta,pa. granted I'm from Tampa and its very much true that doesn't retract from the fact that this is CinemaSins not CitySins USERNAME sin
0	I liked this movie, In fact this is one of my favorite marvel movies, But what i didn't like was the Neighbors, they were super annoying, and kind of cringey.
0	They should remove a sin since they ACTUALLY rolled the credits.
0	Everything wrong with deadpool!
0	TIMESTAMP Sin # 89 That scene was intentionally made that way. The director wanted that scene to feel like a Clint Eastwood style western showdown. But yes, in the real world it is very dumb for those guys to back up like that. TIMESTAMP Sin # 98 That is actually Frank Castle in the bad guy's wife's car. He intentionally parks in a handicapped spot at the same hotel and same time that he told Quentin to be at so that her car would get a parking ticket and Frank could make the bad guy believe that his wife was cheating on him with his best friend.
0	Everything wrong with YouTube
0	I've been waiting for this!!! lmao
0	"I been waiting for ""Cinema-sins"" to do this movie thanks ""cinema-sins"" for reviewing ""the punisher"""
0	Holy crap! It's Steve Blum! Hey wolverine!
0	USERNAME Hey wolverine/blade & punisher are my favorite marvel stars!
0	USERNAME blum What's with the quotation marks?
0	No sin for the exploding cars creating a skull?
0	USERNAME Vanquish You mean no sins deducted.
0	by the way that's how you're supposed to check for a pulse. Ding!
0	nigga whatchu talking Bout saying you can't drink a bottle of whiskey without dying
0	USERNAME there were THREE punisher movies...The Punisher with Dolph Lundgren, The Punisher with Thomas Jane, and Punisher Warzone with whoever the fuck that was in that movie
0	this movie had great moments, it really really did, BUT the good moments got overshadowed by all the bad in this movie. specifically almost everu scene with Frank's neighbors in them.
0	plz do everything wrong with cool cat saves the kids
0	I can everything there you go
0	USERNAME Diggory what?
0	I miss bonus rounds.
0	I am way too upset for the last sin. I need that sin removed, I mean they actually did what you wanted. But nice review btw
0	Honestly the story of this wasn't bad and the action in War Zone was good. They had opposite issues.
0	Absolute mockery of a great punisher story
0	That was one of the best movie you´ve sinned. Totally great work. (not the movie was good but the way you sinned it, idk why I justed liked it :0)
0	you should remove a sin. when you check an unresponsive person you feel for a pulse and you look for chest rise and if you can feel there breath.
0	Frank just needs to wait for the Russian guy to tear his quad.
0	Do Tomb Raider!!
0	Punisher:War zone 2008 was better xD
0	Sentence: Florida would have worked too.
0	one batch two batch...
0	Tampa is a shit town. It floods at the slightest bit of rain. I lost a car to that shit when i went to Tampa Comic Con last year.
0	That Simpson joke gets me every time
0	I'm hoping for Allegiant!
0	That was a Corvette then a Ford GT, not the same yellow car. Blowing it CinemaSins....
0	Am I the only one who kind of liked this movie?
0	I love it. People who dislike it either haven't seen it or went in with their mind already made up. It is a cartoony fun time, it's not trying to be anything else. It really bothers me when people talk shit on this movie, it's just so fun.
0	USERNAME yeah
0	USERNAME White The Punisher isn't supposed to be this campy, he's supposed to be angry that his family was killed and spiteful at the people who killed them.
0	USERNAME I liked it. Its a bit too cartoonish for what most people were expecting from The Punisher.
0	USERNAME White PEOPLE WHO ENJOYED THIS MOVIE NEVER READ THE COMICS BECAUSE ADHD IS SO TRENDY RIGHT NOW
0	USERNAME This entire critique is valid, but I still enjoyed it.
0	Extended directors cut makes this movie really good.
0	USERNAME The movie was great, the comic book nerds didn't like the lore or canon or shit that no one other than them cares about.
0	This was the best of The Punisher movies!! I still enjoy it despite its flaws; will probably watch it again tonight lol
0	USERNAME The movie was made for them too, you know, just because they need to draw in more watchers doesn't mean they should fuck with all of their characters
0	USERNAME i loved this movie; i thought thomas jane was amazing in this movie
0	USERNAME That's not really true and the plot was based on a couple of the books (year one and welcome back frank) I only know this because I remember the Russian guy fight and in the comic he has the exact same shirt on.
0	"USERNAME So you're saying that the comic ""nerds"" are completely invalid when it comes to comic movies, and that to enjoy halfassed movies, you need to be ignorant."
0	No it was pretty good
0	None of theme were good the first one was the best
0	Okay, seriously you didn't make a Rocky IV joke in the audio gags?
0	TIMESTAMP; The BIGGEST sin in this film.
0	What about Jon Bernthal Punisher?
0	come one, the Russian fight is hilarious and very good
0	DON'-- ARG-- WITH-- THE-- COUNT!!!!!!!!!
0	USERNAME Doctor. simply The Doctor. I'm not saying to remove a sin or something like that but I think the fight is hilarious
0	Punisher war zone eww
0	Never got why people don't like this movie. It's probably the best of the early 2000s superhero movies.
0	Because people can't form their own opinions anymore. I love it, it's one of those movies I'll watch whenever it's on.
0	Yeah, that's right. People who don't agree with you can't form their own opinions. Logic.
0	"USERNAME Zallagi No, people don't even give it a chance. They hear someone say it sucks and they're like ""oh ya fuck that!"". That's what I don't like about this channel, people actually take his ""criticisms"" a lot of the time without giving a film an actual shot."
0	USERNAME White It's not the channels' s fault people take these videos literally. And that's only a few. Most viewers are aware it's for comedy. Plus, most people have been not liking this movie for years.
0	Do Dazed And Confused
0	Surprisingly this movie bored me. I think the old Punisher movie with Dolph Lundgen was a better movie than this.or the War Zone movie. That movie was the Punisher!
0	I like war zone just because it's a really big dumb action film that I love because of Wayne knight and the end fight
0	USERNAME henry That wasn't a punisher movie lmao that was a generic 80's action movie with the Punisher's name slapped on it.
0	USERNAME Mickelson True, but so is the Punisher. He doesn't just go into character development or soul-searching or constructive thinking, he is a walking killing machine of bad guys. Doesn't that sound just like the 80's generic action movie? Granted that movie had nothing really related to Punisher, it might have well just been anyone.
0	USERNAME henry you Gotta agree dirty laundry was better than any punisher film to date
0	You have any sins on Zootopia
0	Everything Wrong With Kill the Irishman?
0	Despite all its problems (Frank's kind of underwritten, it's not very comic book accurate, it's a little too on the nose with the Once Upon a Time in The West references) I kind of have a soft spot for this movie. It's the first punisher movie I'd ever seen, I love OUATITW, I even kinda dig Thomas Jane as Castle. It's faaaaaaar from perfect but the extended directors cut makes a lot more sense.
0	"I remember walking in to the ending of this film as a kid (from Russia Waldo onwards) and thinking that it was the Godfather because it looked kinda ""gangstery"" and old to me. Oh how incredibly wrong was I"
0	suprised they didn't say tempa, Florida , USA ,North America , Earth , space
0	When taking someone's pulse it is advised to use two fingers and you put your ear next to their mouth and nose to see if you can feel any air coming out. You also want to be looking at their chest to see any rise and fall of the chest. Just saying that EMT dude was on point with what he was doing.
0	the guitar assassin was one of my fave moments at the time
0	"Do ""EWW Eragon."" As a fan of the books, I have a huge grudge against that movie."
0	Jon Bernthal is the true Punisher
0	i loved that he had to hold in his laugh at TIMESTAMP XD
0	Everything Wrong With The Prince of Egypt
0	...ehmm actually there were 3 Punisher movies (that horrible crap with Dolph Lundgren)
0	everything wrong with The Green Room
0	with patrick stewart
0	Everything Wrong With Big Trouble... DO IT.
0	Thomas Jane is actually really fucking good as the punisher, it's sad because every other movie he's ever been in is trash. John travolta ruined this movie in my opinion, such a bad casting job.
0	FRANK THE TANK, FRANK THE TANK. ....WE'RE GOING STREAKING!
0	Hahaha 10 sins for parking in a handicap spot.
0	I think two sins need to be removed, one for using nothing but practical effects in the movie and the other for actually rolling credits at the name drop.
0	There is no Tampa in Virginia, there is one in Kansas though and screw you for insulting my city.
0	The last one should have been a sin off because they actually rolled the credits, no?
0	USERNAME Elric It makes me kinda happy and upset at the same time that pretty much every comment I think of posting has already been made. A lot of people must have similar thought patterns, even down to the type of profile pictures they use. lol~
0	Yeah, listen to the shrimp.
0	USERNAME Leave the pipsqueak alone.
0	USERNAME Elric that was what I was thinking as well!
0	USERNAME I wonder where is his brother. The fullmetal alchemist, that is.
0	Saw this movie a few months ago... loved it. 😝😝😝😝😝
0	"My only gripe with it is how the script treats John Pinette, err... his character anyway. And since the ppl in the comments section and you seem to think this is a bad movie, I have to ask why you didn't say ""They dragged poor John Pinette into this, didn't they?"""
0	everything wrong with imaginaerum
0	No, that last sin was, what I mean... Double standard! You can't sin that, waddaya want?
0	This movie would have been so much better if Frank's wife left him due to his rather inconsiderate tendencies to leave the front (and probably secondary) doors open for extended amounts of time causing Frank to eventually meet and fall in love with the Russian Where's Waldo guy.
0	EWW UP PLEASE
0	please do battlefield earth!!
0	yes the Russian (wwe Kevin Nash) actually did get stabbed in that scene
0	Am I the only one who thinks Jane does a better Punisher than Bernthal? Im not saying Bernthals is bad but, I feel like Janes is a lot more thought out and more punishing than just flat out killing like Bernthal does. And Jane's character seems to have a lot more emotion than Bernthal imho
0	USERNAME Im tied between the two, first time for superhero incarnations.
0	USERNAME Jane is actually a worse portrayal of the punisher, but if every portrayal of the punisher was like Jane's, the punisher would be a much better character.
0	USERNAME Jenkins Hmm, I guess I'm just a fan of this version of the Punisher then. I like his style. I never tead the comics but the way Bernthal portrays him, makes me not like the character as much as I like this one. I guess this one gives the killing more of a justice type feel vs Bernthals flat out shoot and dead. Janes puts more of an impact on the victims which I like. But anyway, thats my 2 cents. I like them both. Just prefer this portrayal
0	USERNAME there are a couple of writers who actually do write the punisher like this and their books are really good. it's just the less sympathetic version of the punisher is the one you see the most.
0	"This is really bothering me for some reason ""Supe up a car"" Not ""soup"". Its ""supe"" Ding!"
0	Do EWW Hitman: Agent 47
0	wait ten points for parking in a disabled spot? also sad they didnt like the ice lolly scene
0	I enjoyed this movie. It gets the job done.
0	I kinda liked it, too. Then again, I also liked Punisher: War Zone. So, maybe I just like The Punisher (the character).
0	I thought it was really fun too!
0	So, is the other bad Punisher movie the Dolph Lundgren or the Ray Stevenson version? You probably forgot about one of them because it was so horrible. I actually enjoyed Punisher: War Zone.
0	Read Welcome back Frank then you will understand the tenement dwellers.
0	Yay the pronoun game TIMESTAMP
0	They missed a great Gangnam Style joke with the Gangland Style thing :(
0	This is honestly one of my favorite movies...
0	the big Russian guy is kevin nash
0	the wires on the limo are supposed to be for the tail lights but the wiring is in the trunk not under the car
0	do Hitman Agent 47
0	do dbz ressurection f next
0	Please do Deadpool
0	Can anyone guess what they're slowly building up to?
0	In all honesty, I gotta call bullshit on some of those sins.
0	USERNAME Tankard a lot of his sins are bullshit, but its funny as fuck so who cares.
0	USERNAME eh, most I found funny, but some where just stretching it too much and too obvious
0	USERNAME Tankard Your right dude this video is extra salty. Funny.. with just a dash of salt.
0	USERNAME Tankard This isn't a serious video, they're all bs comedy sins
0	Jeremy still isn't over BVS, I can only imagine what Civil War is going to be like
0	USERNAME Ton Yeah, I'm aware of that, hence why I said some of them are too bs to be funny
0	"USERNAME Tankard ""Roll Credi- they are actually rolling credits. Excellent!"" still sins it How does he sin someone for doing something he's been telling them to do for years?! Hypocritical bastard."
0	USERNAME Tankard XD I dont mind but like ear to hear pulse, that was to hear if the guy was breathing. Not that it matters lol
0	USERNAME Tankard ...agree, these SINS are stretching...this was a good movie.
0	Yeah
0	USERNAME Tankard lol was about to write this, most of them were desperate af its the punisher clearly a good shooter says it turns western nd he was repairing a car and he says wheres the scene with him learning to be a mechanic bro clearly he can repair cars
0	USERNAME Philson You can't be hypocritical if you're not even serious about it to begin with.
0	Lol true
0	Welkom to sinemasins
0	USERNAME The point of cinemasins is not to judge a movies overall quality, but the quality of its logic and consistency. Not saying all the sins are justified, just pointing that out... I mean he sinned batman and the martian, both generally considered quite good films.
0	USERNAME indeed, and criticise it for not having lap dances.
0	USERNAME Philson Because they said the name of the movie in the movie... that's the sin, not the roll credits thing.
0	He's had bullshit sins ever since he got an ego 2 years ago
0	USERNAME Tankard Uh, you are new here...they sin everything in a movie.
0	You know, that's kinda the point of the channel. They sin the lack of lapdances and people not being his girlfriend in some scenes. If you are taking any of the sins seriously, you must have forgotten that this is a comedy channel.
0	USERNAME Tankard The sins DO NOT FUCKING MATTER
0	USERNAME Wilhelm Nietzsche Some people take this channel too serious.
0	USERNAME Why so serious, son?
0	USERNAME Tankard But not the Cypress Hill one.
0	quit trying to find logic where there is none..he sins movies he likes too..he's pointing out that in real life none of this shit would've happened and frank would've been shot like 50 times
0	USERNAME Philson Huh, I honestly can't tell if this was meant as a joke or if you were serious.
0	Yeah
0	"USERNAME Tankard XD Look at you getting all this flak, See what I did ""Not that it matters"" Its almost a prerequisite to shield off all the idiots who take the not serious sins seriously. People are stupid what you gonna do xD ¯\(ツ)/¯"
0	USERNAME Tankard ask yourself this: what do the sins even mean?
0	"It's all abit of fun. I called BS on the ""Did you know them line."""
0	USERNAME I know, right? People getting all pissy because I think some of the sins don't work. I've watched this channel a long time, there are sometimes bullshit sins that don't work, this one had a few more than usual but oh well. Not all jokes work, shit happens. It's funny how seriously they are taking this while telling me it's not serious.
0	Yeah some we're just arbitrary whatever. Not really jokes. Not really logic errors. He made the same mistakes some of the cinemasins imitators do. Some sins based in not getting the movie. Some sins are just nothing
0	USERNAME Tankard what pissed me off is how he says Frank isn't as malicious, violent and rage filled as his comic book self yet sins the movie when Frank uses the paper cutter to kill one of the henchmen. I know it's mainly satire but cmon.
0	I agree, their laziness is showing too..the sin about getting a ticket parking in the handicapped spot.... um, did he not watch the fucking movie? been seeing a lot of those lately; genuine plot points mistaken as genuine goofs/sins
0	USERNAME stone i don't know the movie so i don't know the plotpoint you are talking about, but fuck everyone who uses a handicapped spot while they have no right to them. sorry, didn't add to anything, but fuck those people. in the ass, with a shotgun. that might give you a reason to use them.
0	"USERNAME theune oh I agree, fuck people who park in the handicap... Spoiler Alert: but castle did it to get ""definitive proof"" of the bad guy's wife cheating.... he was framing her, yeah?"
0	USERNAME You can't be hypocritical if you're not even serious about it to begin with. That is an inherently wrong statement to the point where there is a comic based around how wrong the notion behind that comment is.
0	You people are all stupid, this channel is a comedy, he's not giving a real review of the goddamn movie you damn imbeciles
0	USERNAME Wilhelm Nietzsche it's also to point out flaws and problems he has. A lot of these flaws and things are valid. Just liek everyone else sometimes he just has dumb opinions and sometimes he's wrong. Sometimes his jokes don't land or he thinks there s whole when there isn't one Sometimes his inconsistencies come from not understanding what he's talking about People only like to pretend like he doesn't mean anything he says at all when someone points out every now and again that he's human and says dumb things sometimes especially when there isn't much to sin and and he pads it out with random crap. I GUARANTEE no one is telling the guys who agree with his valid criticisms of unpopular movies not to take him seriously It's just defensive guys like you who take it way too seriously on videos like this. Get off his dick. They're a couple of guys who make videos. Tehy aren't the fucking prophet. You don't have to go to holy war
0	USERNAME You're telling me I take it too serious? Says the one that's literally trying to call his points out and says he says dumb things, that's literally the point of the entire channel. It's not like he only sins movies he doesn't like, he's said that they've sinned a lot of their favorite movies, and yes all the shit they says is completely pointless, and yeah sometimes they do bring up good points that doesn't take away from the point that they're intent as jokes
0	"USERNAME Wilhelm Nietzsche Calm down lol, you are talking it too seriously, all people are saying is somethings fell flat, Get over it Lol, its not about what they like or dont like lol, And I will like to 1 up USERNAME because he articulated it better than I could ""It's just defensive guys like you who take it way too seriously on videos like this. Get off his dick. They're a couple of guys who make videos. Tehy aren't the fucking prophet. You don't have to go to holy war"" No one looks at this as a review, But as the video Everything wrong with cinemasins go, they can be sinned aswell xD Get over it big boy. We're all here because we Enjoy Cinema Sins. Its not the fact that its punisher either, I think the movie is craptastic and I agree with 99% of the sins lol"
0	USERNAME Wilhelm Nietzsche He did mention in the description of his opinion earlier in the movie. The Punisher does seem to come off not really that great. I haven't watched it, but the RT consensus did say that while it was overly violent, it was also pretty by-the-numbers. I guess the super lenient people, which is annoyingly a lot of people on the channel are saying who cares because style and stuff. It can't just be good just because it is faithful to the comics.
0	USERNAME Wilhelm Nietzsche So you're really telling me that he means nothing he says ever? That none of his criticisms, even the valid ones that he brings up all the time and I agree with most of the time are actually criticisms just because his tone isn't serious? You can't offer legitimate criticism while not being serious? If you actually think that it would explain why you're so inexplicably butthurt. Fine. Let's accept that incredibly dumb illogical unnecessarily defensive position as true. Just because he's joking doesn't mean he's above criticism. Jokes can be criticized. Jokes can be dumb. And here's a newsflash. They can be criticized in the same lighthearted tone he uses in his videos! So yes YOU are taking this too seriously. It's a YouTube comedy vid. It is not the end of the world of someone thinks it's kind of dumb. Calm your tits
0	USERNAME Thank you. We wouldn't be here if we didn't enjoy these videos and the premise of these videos Everyone is well aware that these videos are generally a lighthearted and humorous tone and even if he sins a movie to hell and back it doesn't even mean he dislikes the movie. He could LOVE the movie(it's usually pretty clear when he doesn't like a movie though) Pretty much all comedians are like this. Commentary and jokes. Sometimes their jokes don't land. Sometimes I disagree with the points they make. It's not that big of a deal. It really isn't.
0	"USERNAME All the sins are for comedy before anything else, the fact that some are valid flaws or problems does not mean that he's trying to make them all about flaws or problems. If he says something that's not a real criticism then it was meant only as comedy, that's not him failing to point out a valid flaw or problem. That's not him having a ""dumb opinion"". It's not him ""being wrong"", it's just him being funny the only exception to that is sometimes they'll sin something that they just missed in the movie, it's a rare occurrence, but as you said, he's human. Your whole ""sometimes his jokes don't land"" is completely subjective, what is funny is different from person to person, and again, the sins are not meant to point out holes, they are just there for a laugh, it's you who is getting in the way of finding them funny by taking the sins too seriously, even when a criticism points out a real flaw, that does not mean it's intended to mean it's bad, you can still like flawed movies, or the flaws themselves in a movie. Also your ""I GUARANTEE no one is telling the guys who agree with his valid criticisms of unpopular movies not to take him seriously."" Is bullshit, I watch all the videos on here despite on many occasions enjoying the movie that is being sinned, and I still don't take them seriously, because the videos are still funny, and in the comments I'll say so and discuss how I still enjoy the movie and why. So you can chew on that guarantee, because I do exactly that (For example I actually enjoyed all the star wars movies, hunger games movies, The good Dinosaur, ect... and I still found those videos funny because I don't take them seriously). Also, no, it's not ""defensive guys who take it way too seriously"", and no, we aren't on his dick. We're just trying to explain to you that you're taking this channel too seriously, like someone who starts calling a comedian racist/sexist/an asshole because they do darker comedy. No one here is calling him a prophet, stop trying to strawman peoples arguments just because you don't have an actually valid one yourself. This channel is meant for comedy, if you don't find something funny, well that's the thing about comedy, it's different for everyone. If you don't find something funny, just move on, not try and tell people ""This isn't funny"", it's pointless and ignorant. Watch these videos if you want a laugh, not a valid criticism to a movie. If you don't find it funny move on, you can't criticize comedy simply because you didn't find it funny, especially when you took it too seriously, the ""opinions"" he expresses are often exaggerated or not his at all simply for comedies sake."
0	USERNAME Its not even just comedians imo, I find when you ever you have an opinion on anything on youtube or most of the internet, and even with a well constrictive argument for an opinion, its usually meet with fanboys who simply cannot convince that their 'idols' are not beyond any type of criticism of any form lol, and I barely call our comments a criticism, But to quote them verbatim ''This week we bring you everything wrong with... us. Because no movie, or YouTube channel, is without sin. In our case, the sins are pretty obvious, so this video was easy to make.'' Although I am happy to see that the comments are pretty constrictive here beyond the obvious, Herrr durr they are beyond sin. I appericate the effort that some of these comments made, gives me a little faith in general audiences that some people are not so absent minded lol
0	"USERNAME sow hay you're saying is that these videos are above criticism because it's comedy. While at the same time admitting that they're wrong sometimes(and acting like me being right somehow makes me wrong) That's retarded. Even the fucking makers of the video say that nothing is above sin. They did a fucking ""everything wrong with cinemasins"" video for fucks sake. Holy shit. No respectable comedian would ever use this defense. It's dumb. Comedy can be criticized. Deal with it. But this has gone on long enough. It seems like the dick riders are just going to repeat the same thing. Y'all need to stop dick riding and start being fans. I'm subscribed to this channel. I love the vast majority of the content. I will continue to enjoy it and continue to say what I think positive or negative. Y'all can keep on riding that dick. I don't think the creators would support it though"
0	"USERNAME Strawman Fallacy everywhere. Where did I say they were above criticism? Huh? Please tell me. I said criticism about you not finding a joke funny is pointless, because it's subjective, there is no benefit or reason to go ""This was shit and isn't funny, and anyone who thinks it was funny is a dick riding fanboy."" So stop fucking trying to bend my argument to mean something that I was obviously not saying, it's fucking infuriating, of course you can criticize them, but if you do it like a dick, you should expect people to get pissed about it, if you think how you stated your opinion was ""lighthearted"" in tone, then you have problems I'm not equipped to fix. Comedy cannot be criticized with your opinion that it isn't funny, especially when you state that opinion as fact, because someone will always find something funny, it's not constructive in any way. If you had said ""I didn't find these jokes funny"", there wouldn't have been a problem, that's just an opinion, but you tried to criticize them for you not finding it funny, which is pointless and irritating. But you had to be a dick about it and start calling anyone who disagrees a dick riding fanboy, and said all of this bullshit: ""it's also to point out flaws and problems he has"" ""Dumb opinion"" ""I GUARANTEE no one is telling the guys who agree with his valid criticisms of unpopular movies not to take him seriously"" ""Yeah some we're just arbitrary whatever. Not really jokes. Not really logic errors."" ""Sometimes his jokes don't land or he thinks there s whole when there isn't one"" These are the things I had a problem with, not your opinion, you stating that the sins are also to point out flaws and problems, which is untrue, sometimes they are, but the way you said it came across as you thought they were all supposed to point out flaws and problems, and you stated them all as facts, not opinions. Saying he has ""dumb opinions"" is also fucking stupid, cause now you're doing exactly what you were calling other people ""fanboys"" for doing, criticizing someones OPINION. Bullshiting saying that, people only bring up the fact that he isn't being serious when someone is criticizing him, and calling people fanboys for rightly defending against, not negative opinions, but you trying to state your opinion as fact and being a dick about it. His ""jokes not landing"" is subjective, you cannot count you not finding a joke funny as something they did wrong, yes comedy is free from that kind of criticism, you don't tell a comedian how they should be funny, just as you don't tell an artist how to create art. You can have the opinion that you didn't find a joke funny, you cannot state that a joke wasn't funny. So stop strawmanning my argument and claiming people are just incapable of taking a negative opinion and that people are acting like this guy is an idol and incapable of being wrong, it's just that most of us aren't assholes and know that complaining about not enjoying a joke is pointless and not constructive at all and get pissed when someone does. People aren't giving you flak for having a negative opinion. Saying ""He thinks there's a hole when there isn't one"" is only true when he accidentally skips over something but that's rare and understandable, and when that happens no one goes ""BUT THIS ISN'T SERIOUS"" when someone points out they missed something, no one does that, for example look in the comments, people have pointed out that the Parking Ticket sin was actually explained in the movie, no one is throwing a fit at them about that, so don't lie and say people are doing that, the reason you're getting flak is obviously irrelevant to that point."
0	USERNAME Tankard Definitely on the last one.
0	"Yeah, some of the sins were part of the arc ""Welcome Back, Frank"". Like Harry Heck, The Russian, the popsicle torture, the atmosphere of that final raid, the neighbors. This guy from CinemaSins doesn't read the fucking comics apparently."
0	USERNAME Tankard Congrats on figuring out the point of Cinema Sins in the first place. How long did that take you?
0	USERNAME Was all this necessary? Like, the person you're arguing with is someone you'll never see again, right? Like, you could have gotten so much done in the time it took to write all of that.
0	"USERNAME Now who's ""strawmanning""(this is usually a copout word used by defensive people who are confronted with just how dumb their statements are) I never said it wasn't funny and I never said that anyone who likes it is a dick rider. You're once again, getting butthurt over nothing trying to make me some Bad guy Also you and the guy before you are ones who called people idiots. Now you're trying to flip it into me being super duper mean to you guys. Oh no! I'm saying anyone who pretends that he can't be criticized is a dick rider. Which is what you're doing. You literally just said that one should never criticize humor because it's ""ignorant""(another word people use when they're throwing a hissy fit that deprives it of meaning) you literally just said ""it doesn't mean you can criticize humor"" that's what you said. Opinions can be dumb(like yours) opinions can be criticized. Jokes can be dumb. Jokes can be criticized. No person is without sin. Deal with it."
0	USERNAME also no shit my criticisms are based on my opinions. Everyone's are. That's the point of criticism. Only defensive fanboys well...get defensive and fanboy about it liek you're doing. I didn't strawman you, you're just in denial about just how dumb you're being right now. As such, I'm done here. I'm Muting this comment thread because I'm sick of you whining into my inbox. I'm going to go enjoy these videos that I'm apparently taking too seriously even though I laugh my ass off at most of them
0	"USERNAME Not being able to make a discussion arguing your opinion, just because it is your opinion, is quite a strange position to hold. You must be fun in teamwork situations. But hey, that is just my subjective opinion, so I am not going to explain it further, and ""it would be dumb of you to address it"" :D"
0	Some of then aren't to be taken seriously anyway.
0	"It's not ""Good Day, Pablo"" it's Good Morning, Pablo. One sin added to your channel."
0	Is it just me or does Ben Foster look like Wade from GTA V?
0	the street with no traffic is right behind the Straz Center for the Performing Arts... I used to work there and it's a back alley sort of cross street. There are actually is long lulls of no traffic - also Tampa's not so bad guys... I feel it gets such a bad rep on assumption. There's a lot of cool stuff there. 😊
0	TIMESTAMP Punisher shops at Canadian Tire (Crappy Tire)
0	I actually liked this movie when I first saw it as a wee lad, now it seems kinda lame lol
0	I love how much you love The Simpsons.
0	Why'd you sin the rolling credits? :D
0	The ice pop scene was taking from the comics.
0	Honestly I liked this movie even with its flaws. What always bothered me was how much Thomas Jane gave for this role and how he kept training for the next movie only for the studio to fuck around with everything for years. Thomas Jane to me was a good Frank Castle who was in a film that just had too many flaws. It's unfortunate because you can tell he loved the character. For much of the late 2000's, him and Ryan Reynolds were guys who you could tell loved their prospective roles as Punisher and Deadpool. And only recently did we get to see how well they could do when other people gave just as much love to the characters (Dirty Laundry and Deadpool film).
0	USERNAME Thomas Jane was good. Jon Bernthal is better.
0	USERNAME That's true Thomas Jane did a great job I thought...at least until I saw John Bernthal in season 2 of Daredevil. This movie did an admirable job, but they really captured the essence of Frank's savagery in daredevil. Like he was wrecking dudes left right and center...it was great.
0	People who call this outright terrible are uptight little shits. Would've loved to have seen a direct sequel. Plus this is probably the last movie I could tolerate John Travolta in.
0	That Chuckle TIMESTAMP XD
0	"Awwwww, no love for the late, great John Pinnette in one of his earliest roles as ""Fat, Italian Neighbor""?"
0	next Sin video...Punisher War Zone
0	idk why i thought steven seagul was the punisher
0	I thought he did this movie ALREADY. Honest trailers? He soups up the car then rolls it.
0	TIMESTAMP former ambulance driver here, he listenes for breathing and you always use two finger, no sin here.
0	"Pronouncing ""Aguadilla"" as ""Ah-gwah-dil-la"" instead of ""Ah-goo-ah-dee-ya"" That's racist ding!"
0	I live in Buenos Aires, lol.
0	I would remove a sin for the whole The Russian fight scene.
0	I would remove a sin for Frank whole gambit
0	To be fair, the blowtorch/popsicle torture scene actually happened in the comics. Not everyone involved in a criminal organization is a bad guy. The little wormy guy is actually a nice guy who just happens to be the organizer, probably just in way over his head. An accessory, to be sure, but not the guilty party in need of a bit of punishment.
0	"Please review ""Mr. Right"""
0	#9 is not a sin...they were correct in checking for breathing via rising rib cage
0	the fact that they got proper first aid procedure down in this (very flawed but fun) movie should be worth negative sins
0	Being a vigilante murderer is wrong? Fuck off, the Punisher is the only true hero this world would really need.
0	The one sin that was needed is when he loads like 20 different weapons and puts them into a duffle bag but only uses like 4 of them for the finally.
0	sin repo men
0	-1 sin for actually rolling credits after the last line of dialog that states the title.
0	I love how he loses his composure at TIMESTAMP
0	I live in Tampa, and i approve this sins video
0	Correction: Overweight Italian guy is eating pizza while making pasta and listening to opera. That's definitely racist *ding!* Oh, and you know Frank intentionally parked in the handicapped spot for a reason, right? That was Saint's wife's car he was driving. He was trying to make it look like she was cheating on him, and parking tickets were part of the evidence Frank was manufacturing.
0	Buenos Aires is a city. asshole
0	"Definitely do ""Contact"" (1997) next. You reference it all the time in the end scenes, why not?"
0	The interrogation with the Popsicle is straight out of the comics. Plus, when you want an informant, they will be less likely to turn on you if you spare them after tricking them into thinking you burned them.
0	"You missed a ""no!"" Sin in there when travoltas second son dies."
0	I didn't know some of the film was on Puerto Rico. That's were I live!
0	It's still the best Punisher movie.
0	"Is this the ""good"" Punisher movie or the bad one? I know there are two and one is supposed to be better than the other."
0	USERNAME Dice Seems to be a matter of opinion. Also, there are three movies: the early one with Dolph Lundgren, this one, and then War Zone with Ray Stevenson. To be honest, none of them have been received well. As you can see in the comments, some people actually do like this one. Others have said War Zone, despite not being great either, is the best one so far. I've never seen anybody say the Lundgren one was the best. And of course now with the success of Bernthal's Punisher in the Daredevil series a lot of people will be saying all three movies are worse.
0	i really thought that awesome end sequence with the russian and the assault on the building would get some sins knocked off
0	The 1989 one with Dolph lundgren was a lot better than this. Still, the best punisher without a doubt is Jon Bernthal.
0	What do you mean Buenos Aires is not a place?? I live there
0	You know,what makes that knife stab scene and sin at TIMESTAMP even better is that aparently the actor was actually stabbed with a real knife in it by mistake.
0	Which means Kevin Nash is on ALL the drugs.
0	"Yep you're right apparently Nash really did get stabbed. Also, apparently during the ""sewing up"" scene where Joan sews up Castle's wound, Rebecca Romjin accidentally sewed the prosthetic onto Thomas Jane's skin."
0	TIMESTAMP SEEEEEE!!!!! LMMFAO!!!!
0	Awesome!! I really loved this movie xD
0	When's deadpool coming?
0	the punisher was good. period.
0	I never understood why this movie was hated I saw it and it was pretty good. are people really that stupid these days?
0	this is why i love cinema sins. jeremy is funny af and i actually start sinning movies in my head when i watch them now. thanks a lot jeremy you ruined movies for me lol
0	Buenos Aires is a place, its the capital of Argentina.
0	USERNAME Read the subtitles, it's written Buenos Aries
0	USERNAME But Buenos Aries isn't.
0	Aries isn't though
0	i see, he was mocking a typo then
0	USERNAME Nothing gets past you...
0	USERNAME Cringe
0	Sentence: coé J.C! Pega a tampa aê viado
0	"Some of the plotlines were borrowed from ""Welcome Home, Frank"" and Volume One of Punisher War Zone."
0	USERNAME it was a really nice mix although it probably would have been fun to hear the Russian talk
0	USERNAME McPoshinson I'm not sure in the comic book if The Russian actually spoke. I have to re-read that story again.
0	"USERNAME​ oh he did. He kept calling Frank ""biig boi"". Yeah. Thick russian accent. I laughed so hard at those. And he was president of ""daredevil:man without fear"" fan club in Russia"
0	USERNAME McPoshinson Damn! On another note, if the franchise continued they were going to introduce Barracuda. I would've loved to have seen him adapted to the silver screen.
0	USERNAME yeah, I liked him but I wish they would have given him sorta a backstory. All we got was that his father was a dick
0	USERNAME McPoshinson He has a backstory.
0	USERNAME just barely. We don't even know his name
0	USERNAME McPoshinson I don't think we're supposed to know Barracuda's real name. Kinda like how we're not supposed to know The Joker's true name.
0	USERNAME yeah but the Joker is in a league of his own. He's batman's Bane of existence (see what I did there? :D) I mean there's two ways not to have a name in comics. Either you have amnesia (looking at you, wolverine, you're a minor thug seconds away from getting your face smashed from a fist (another reference here) or you're pretty much the mainest of main villains.As much as I don't like saying it, Barracuda was just a hired thug. He was awesome but at the end of the day he was just a hitman
0	"You're also forgetting that Barracuda was quite popular that he had his own miniseries and he appeared in other stories. In his first appearance he was killed off only to reveal that he survived. He kinda reminded me of Ving Rhames and Tommy ""Tiny"" Lister Jr. Barracuda was like a fun house mirror version of Frank Castle. A very complicated socialpath with a distorted code of ethics. I suppose if they was to feature him in a Punisher Netflix series they could fill in the blanks on his backstory."
0	USERNAME that would be cool. Maybe if they put Nicki Cavella too. Maybe have Cavella as a big time gangster, and Barracuda could work for him or something like that
0	USERNAME McPoshinson Was Nick Carvella the mob boss Frank met when he was sent to Rykers???
0	nope. Nicky was the one who pissed on Frank's family's graves. The guy who fucked his aunt and killed his parents. He got away in Punisher MAX #6. He was the one with Ink and Pittsy
0	Ok. I didn't read that story. I heard of it, though.
0	USERNAME It's pretty good
0	You didn't sin the claymore on the string.
0	The son of the punisher do vines
0	Well my dad has worked in construction all his life and he completely rebuilt an 84 Toyota 4 Runner so him being able to rebuild a car just means being a real man and when your super pissed or sad reckless driving it totally called for.
0	Kung fu panda 3 next!
0	Well, I thought The Punisher was a great film, so there! :-p
0	Dolph Lundgren version please!
0	Sins the movie for taking the pish out of the fat-guy... then fat-shames the guy himself... kudos.
0	I would like to see American History X sins.
0	Revenge of the fifth
0	Soooo excited for this one!!
0	mystic river
0	SEE!!!
0	I think you were a bit too hard on this one but always a good watch.
0	the PUN-isher
0	oppa gangland-style
0	The sin about taking the pulse while putting his head near the mouth is just ignorant. He's checking the pulse, listening for breathing, and watching to see if the chest will rise or fall. This is standard stuff you learn in any CPR class.
0	No Apartment has only a few people living in it cliche? No angel and mystique are in the same scene/what if angel and/or mystique were in this movie? Also nothing about Johnny Cash for the musician? And no trolololololololololol for the Russian fight added at the end? I was hoping for those.
0	To be fair, this was from the days when Frank Castle was punching polar bears in the face for being too cuddly. (No, seriously)
0	People were upset this movie was so dark and dreary, I mean yeah it's the freaking Punisher.
0	The popsicle thing is from the comics. The Punisher is not quiet as homicidal as the common idea (and the idea that less then great writers) of him seems to be.
0	Buenos Días is Goodmorning in Spanish. One sin at CinemaSins for doing bad translations
0	the two yellow cars are different
0	So now, USERNAME, we are waiting for Punisher War Zone EWW and Deadpool EWW! MAKE IT HAPPEN JEREMY!!!
0	Actually surprised there wasn't a single mention to the massive Punisher skull mystically generated by a chain reaction of random explosions. Also, this movie is a fucking masterpiece compared to the 2008 one.
0	TIMESTAMP, Kevin Nash isn't tearing his quad in this scene. Ding!
0	So what are the plans for next week's sins? They're not in the description.
0	Buenos Aires is definitely a place capital of Argentina that's a sin for you !
0	USERNAME They wrote Buenos Aries
0	Please do the sins for Red Dawn 1984!!!
0	and then POOOOOOOOOOTIIIIIE TAAAAAAAAANG, followed by like water for chocolate
0	Punisher warzone next? Please!!!!
0	Its actually The Good Morning Pablo Festival
0	"Shouldn't the ""roll credits"" sin should have been -1 sin because it was done when it was supposed to?"
0	Pretty sure he has always been sarcastic about rolling credits there
0	USERNAME Sarcastic Shu i realize that but how many movies do this?
0	USERNAME How does that cancel a sin? Rare=/=good
0	Idea: Everything Wrong With: Fury!
0	See now you all have to do punisher warzone
0	Idea: Everything Wrong With: Unstoppable!
0	Eww deadpool
0	This movie was horrible and all over the place ....
0	All of The Punisher movies sucked. EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM!
0	was expecting a sin removal for actually rolling credits with a roll credits.
0	same here
0	Why did you sin them when they rolled credits after saying The Punisher? Shouldn't that have gotten a removal?
0	USERNAME Comeau that's exactly what I thought
0	I think him always saying roll credits is a joke, since that's the stereotypical way to end after saying your own title in a movie. Doesn't mean it's a good thing to do.
0	CinemaSins, Nitpicking is fun. Please, dont overuse it.
0	Gotta get those lice out
0	What is also a sin is that he goes through the final fight scene without using the f#cking grenade launcher on the bottom of his rifle. He could have killed everyone with one shot. Plus 20 sins
0	Buenos Aires is in Argentina.
0	USERNAME Skies They wrote Buenos Aries
0	I love this film, why not?
0	"""I hate the saints, All of em"" Mickey must be a Falcons fan 😂😂😂😂"
0	This movie is really underrated.
0	How about Howard the Duck (1986) next!
0	I liked the film
0	I'm surprised you didn't add a sin for the bad guys not putting gasoline on everything but Frank.
0	USERNAME Jester If they sinned everything wrong with this movie, the Cinema Sins video would only be about 15 minutes shorter than the movie.
0	Disappointed that there was no Rockhouse for Kevin Nash (Russian Waldo) in the audio outtakes...
0	In the very beginning, you criticize the guy taking the pulse. That's the standard way to take vitals. You feel for a pulse, put your hear over their mouth and watch their chest. If you feel a pulse, but see no chest rise/air on your cheek, you don't end up doing CPR and breaking a person's ribs to shit.
0	I like your Olympus Has Fallen EWW. I want it back, please.
0	"I feel like there should have been a part in the outtakes showing the flaming Punisher skull in the parking lot and then showing Bane saying ""Impossible."""
0	Fairly certain you missed one bit and I must point it out because it always caught my eye. In the mass murder scene, when Punisher and his father are shooting at the guy behind the grill they shoot into the grill but in the next scene the bullet holes are gone.
0	EWW WARRIOR.
0	Why didnt you remove a sin for saying the punisher and actually rolling credits. If you cant follow your rules when did this become more about the joke then a serious in depth look at inconsistency in movie. Basically when did Cinemasins loose its soul.
0	"USERNAME Melendez When was CinemaSins even about serious ""in depth"" stuff again? Are you on the wrong channel?"
0	Also, the sin is more in the fact they say their title. Rolling credits it's just another stereotypical ending after saying the title. Doesn't mean that rolling credits after saying the name saves then.
0	Satire has always been the point of CinemaSins.
0	Everything wrong with this video: The commentator.
0	"You gotta take away the sin of the ""Overweight italian guy cooking and eating pizza"" thing. That's John Pinette, an overweight italian comedian who makes fun of his weight. He probably wanted to be pictured as a fat guy eating pizza and cooking."
0	I believe he died about three years ago at age 50...
0	He did, but still.
0	Good morning Pablo!
0	Just so you know, Cinema Sins, there are three Punisher movies.
0	Sins videos I'd like see: The Rock, Bad Boys 2 and maybe Roland Emmerich's last film before the new Independence Day, White House Down.
0	LMAO, could you please do one for BvS
0	I hate this channel for their Marvel hate despite superiority to DC, but this is awesome.
0	Cinemasins hates everything equally, though; especially 50 Shades, because fuck 50 Shades
0	They have sinned DC movies! Who cares any way? I like both marvel and DC, it's ok to like both you don't have to be loyal to one franchise
0	everything wrong with the man from uncle
0	Honestly, half of these don't even make any sense if you think about them for more than 1 second. You're just shamelessly trying to lengthen your videos by adding 50% of bullshit at this point, right?
0	Just like movies put in pointless scenes to make them longer, which is what this movie did. A lot.
0	"USERNAME Brock Yeah, and ""let's do the same with our videos, so that when we shit on movies for this reason, we retroactively shit on our videos"". Flawless logic."
0	USERNAME These are the same people who sinned themselves and the video game based on Jeremy's book. It's a comedy show, no need to get hurt because they pick on a movie that you love.
0	USERNAME Brock It's not about this particular movie. I've almost dropped this show quite some time ago, when average sins per video count went up from 60 to 140. And every video since then is guilty of this.
0	USERNAME Then why watch it? I don't go out watching Justin Bieber or Nostalgia Critic videos to complain in the comments.
0	USERNAME Brock Hope dies last.
0	Actually, there were three punisher movies
0	PUERTO RICO!! WE MADE IT!!
0	TIMESTAMP That's Weaver, Weaver from Falling Skies, he was in this movie?
0	DEADPOOL
0	Actually there were three first with Dolph Lundgren.
0	actually there were 3 punisher films, 1989 with Dolph Lundgren, the 2004 one, and War Zone with Ray Stevenson
0	Do the prestige
0	What movie do you consider sinless ?
0	USERNAME No movie is without sin. Apart from Troll 2.
0	I can predict the future!!! Just yesterday I was thinking about CinemaSins doing this movie.
0	This highlights how amazing Daredevil's Punisher is in comparison.
0	Did anyone notice that at TIMESTAMP it is a yellow Chevy Corvette but then at the next scene TIMESTAMP it's a yellow Ford GT40???
0	"""Her husband sense must be tingling"" - Don't you mean her wife senses? Spider man doesn't sense spiders, his spider senses tell him he's gonna get squished. Or... Is there something about this character that I missed the first time?"
0	Oh man I prefer the other Punisher movie, with Dolf Lundgren
0	sub and comment to me and ill sub twice to you
0	As a fun movie it's great, try to take it seriously and it sucks because you're dumb.
0	Thumbs up if you liked Ray Wise's Punisher
0	USERNAME I think you mean Ray Stevenson.
0	I thought this movie was awesome, I'm a little apprehensive about watching this video so I don't spoil my nostalgia.
0	How do you not have HOME ALONE?
0	Ran into John Pinette (the fat guy) before at a Philadelphia airport before. Didn't get to say much since he was on the phone....but my dad thought he was Ralphie May. True story.
0	The fact that the exploding cars forming the Punisher skull didn't get a sin added or removed is weird. Either way would make sense, depending on whether you found it too over-the-top or so over-the-top that it breaks the meter and becomes completely awesome, but not mentioning it all is surprising.
0	Thank you so much for the Hung reference.
0	How can a logo be full of itself?
0	Love this movie.
0	Everything Wrong With Accepted.
0	This movie is so underrated imo
0	Netflix did better than all three movies when it came to the show
0	Waiting for batman bs superman
0	actually all vehicles have wires behind the bumper, they are for the tail lights.
0	Amazing
0	I give him 1500 sins he know what he did
0	The only time a ballistic knife has been useful.
0	TIMESTAMP Frank Castle has the super rare shotgun that shoots bullets in a happy face pattern
0	DO THE MINIONS!
0	I think the daredevil punisher is much better
0	Do everything wrong with unfriended.
0	please do this
0	You sir deserve a sin for calling the Chevrolet a Jeep, repeatedly !!!! Dang it,thanks to you I do cinema sins in my head while watching movies and TV shows now! LMAO
0	Still my favorite marvel movie
0	The sin at TIMESTAMP should be taken away. When checking for a pulse you're actually supposed to put your fingers on their neck to feel for blood pulsing, put your ear above their mouth o hear/feel any breath, and look at the chest for any rising or falling. Hold this L cinemasins, and go take a CPR course.
0	"Before anybody tries to make a corny reaching for likes, delusional comment on how "" batman is punisher"" first kill yourselves. And batman in the movie only shot down criminals in self defense if you were trying to shoot him down either he was gonna use the batwing or batmobile to take you out.. Bitch ass punisher comes at you with guns wants to kill you and his entire philosophy is to not let criminals come back.. Where at least in BvS batman left majority of the criminals for the police.. If you really count how many people he killed in the movie it's barely under 20 people just like to over exaggerate and make corny jokes for likes"
0	Everything Wrong With My Social Life
0	Only one sin Doesn't exist
0	Well, it's not that bad.
0	Buenos Aires is the capital and largest city of the Argentine Republic.
0	USERNAME in the paperwork it was spelled Buenos Aries. Which is why he made the joke about people being born in march, also why he mentions it in a sentence highlighting spelling mistakes.
0	do monty python and holy grail
0	We arent gunna remove a sin for actually rolling credits?
0	Always thought he was sarcastic about that. That the sin is you shouldn't say your own title most of the time.
0	rude
0	Gotta admit Thomas Jane is badass as Frank Caste
0	I genuinely liked this movie. Action was pretty good, story was your normal comic book stuff, miles better than most stuff out at the time, and the actors all did a pretty great job in my opinion. One of my favorite comic movies even today, and a pretty solid film all around.
0	The problem is the first Punisher movie had his size about right. Frank is a big man, not this skinny little fucker they used in this movie, and he's an expert at hand-to-hand combat. The prob with the first movie was the guy playing the Punisher can't act, that and a louse script. But I liked it better then this crappy film.
0	Everything wrong with John wick PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
0	Wait, there is a bit at the beach house were, there's an explosion & a guy is clearly wearing some fire proof gear.How did that not get sinned?
0	- discount Christopher Lambert ding
0	TIMESTAMP Also, this guy clearly hasn't seen V for Vendetta ding
0	"hahahaha ""they are actually rolling credits"""
0	Italian is a race now? Lol.
0	i really liked this movie.
0	I'm actually from Tampa, I can confirm our Gangsters where sandals.
0	what do you have against Tampa other then its on the toilet of Mexico ?
0	I'll admit. I actually love the scene where the assassin comes and literally sings to Frank about killing him. I'd remove at least one sin. But I'd give that sin back because he's the worst assassin ever.
0	As a former lifeguard I can vouch for the dude in sin 10. Yes you would use your ears and your fingers (also your eyes, but that's not mentioned) to check for signs of life. You feel for a pulse, listen for breathing, and watch to see if th e chest is moving lol
0	Sentence: Tampa! Haha, great!
0	Everything wrong with Coraline
0	that scene reminded me gun the video game, with the music and all
0	USERNAME Matveyeev fun fact thomas jane actually voiced the main character of that game
0	i know. :) ironic ?
0	Do Everything Wrong With The Core
0	say what you will cinema sins, still one of my favorite movies
0	I JUST WATCHED THIS MOVIE ON NETFLIX BEFORE I WATCHED THIS WHAT ARE THE CHANCES
0	I JUST WATCHED THIS MOVIE ON NETFLIX BEFORE I WATCHED THIS WHAT ARE THE CHANCES
0	the punisher game was so sick..!!
0	um, that's not a jeep.
0	I...uh...kinda like this movie. I'm sorry I'm not sorry
0	I won the barbell the Russian guy uses at TIMESTAMP in an Ebay auction about 10 years ago. It's rubber and weighs 5 lbs. And now it's a Cinema Sin!
0	You forgot a sin. The moment on the dock when frank shoots into the truck's windshield. smiley face made of bullet holes in the windshield
0	I feel like CinemaSins should've took a point off for the paper at TIMESTAMP actually having an article about what happened in the movie, or at least mentioned it. Otherwise great video like usual!
0	Actually, CinimaSins, the scene with the blowtorch and the Popsicle is DIRECTLY from the pages of the Comics (an issue of Punisher : War Zone, if I recall correctly). Frank didn't want to kill or injure him because he knew he was going to need him. Yes, Frank does what he does because of cold, insane rage, but he's not off-his-rocker completely. He plans and plots meticulously in order to ensure no innocents are killed in during his punishing.
0	Still a sin, because the books don't count.
0	"USERNAME Sarcastic Shu Not a sin because (the scene) still speaks to the fact that Frank is calculating, precise, patient, and will not harm an innocent. The reasons behind the act are the same in the movie as in the comics: He didn't want to kill Mickey, he wanted to ""turn"" him, and he did."
0	USERNAME It's still pretty ridiculous and worthy of the sin. And of course it does what it's designed to, it's a movie--not a documentary. He could have tickled him and it would have worked if the script said it should work.
0	USERNAME Sarcastic Shu facepalm
0	"USERNAME Very constructive. Gold star. There's definitely a way to actually respond to the word ""facepalm"""
0	They should get -1 sins for actually rolling credits after the name of the movie.
0	I forgive this movie because I love the punisher
0	Am i the only one who actually loved this movie?...S#$t i hate this comment question, hahaha
0	Guys...Broken Arrow and Aliens have anniversaries this year! Sin them!!!
0	I will always enjoy this movie for what it was trying to be--a dark, sadistic, humorous revenge flick. Plus, Jane had by far the best voice for the role. Bernthal is perfectly fine for the new series but I still just won't ever get over that accent.
0	B-but, they rolled the créditos... Isn't that -1 sin?
0	no
0	USERNAME That doesn't make the line any less cheesy or forced.
0	The Punisher? more like The Cringe
0	DO DEADPOOL!!
0	keep this comment at an even number of likes
0	Fuck you
0	aw come on. that roll credits should have taken away one sin.
0	DO ocean's eleven
0	please do wreck it ralph
0	do crimson peak
0	Watched this for it being one of my favorite movies, and to see John Pinette again. Loved that fat man.
0	Rolling credits when it is time for it should be minus 5 sins#
0	do the mummy!!!!!!
0	there's THREE punisher movies and you need to sin all of them...
0	notification squad
0	Wow... I'm having Spawn flashbacks for some reason...
0	WAIT A MINUTE they actually roll credits and you still call it a sin? no sir I contest this ruling
0	IMO the 2008 Punisher move is way better.
0	"TIMESTAMP did you not see Interstellar? ""research tells us the last thing you see before you die is your family, you'll push harder for them"""
0	I'm surprised they didn't bring up how this movie is basically the first Mad Max, hell the story unfolds the EXACT same way: cop involved in death of someone important to a gang leader, afterwards stops work and goes on vacation with family, meanwhile gang leader wants revenge and finds cop and his family, family attacked and cop has to try and defend them, wife and child escape in a car and are pursued by thugs, cop's family eventually have to leave car and are dramatically run down by gang members, cop finds their run over bodies and is devastated, then get's weapons, a cool car, and a nice coat and launches a campaign of revenge and destruction, and finally at the end gives up his old life and begins something new Some of the scenes are almost identical too! They basically just replaced Max Rockatansky with Frank Castle, splashed in some Punisher characters and called it a day :/
0	I'm too late😢
0	Redo the dark knight trilogy the ones you posted are from so long ago they're 3 minutes each
0	Punisher, Spawn, Green Lantern, Spiderman, why can't any of my favorite heroes get a decent movie?
0	Hopefully Spiderman Homecoming may get a good film series (though I quite liked tasm2). I heard the Punisher is getting a spin-off show since his portrayal in daredevil was quite popular.
0	USERNAME Theory The Green Lantern film was decent. It wasn't doing anything new, but it wasn't bad.
0	USERNAME Theory Spiderman 2? That was an awesome movie
0	USERNAME Theory Spiderman got two.
0	"spiderman 2 was passable, but I tuned out as soon as the musical number started. Everything else was complete drek, full of tired cliche's and acting that was performed with all the passion and skill of an 8th grade english class studying shakespeare. I won't even bother to mention the two ""amazing"" spiderman movies, but I think it's safe to say there's a reason that Marvel, not Sony, will be handling the next series."
0	I will add that that assessment isn't entirely fair, Willem Dafoe did an amazing job as the Green Goblin, but he was the only positive part of that movie.
0	I still love this movie to death though!
0	I actually like this film
0	Daredevil Season 2 made a far better and compelling Punisher, as well as a much better story than this movie could've ever hoped for. Jon Bernthal honestly makes Thomas Jane look like complete shit by comparison... then again, he wasn't all that great to begin with.
0	Punisher's symbol made of burning cars isnt a sin?
0	The thing I really didn't like in this movie is how he gets the logo. His son got him the shirt to ward off evil spirits? So evil spirits are warded off by the type of shit goths wear?
0	Frank has a high tolerance for pain apparently
0	TIMESTAMP Nope. The only superpower the Punisher possesses is the psychic ability that allows him to know who need punishing. Thats why he never shoots any innocent people by mistake. ;D
0	"That thing with the popsicle is a scene taken from the comics so no, it doesn't make him a shell of what the comic character is. URL And yes, Frank does have a sense of humor, even in the comics, pretty consistently in almost every interpretation. Also it's not righteous rage, there's this great scene in the comics where a woman thanks him, and he asks why. She says, ""for saving me"". He says that's not what he was doing, she asks why he did it then, and he responds, ""because I hate them all,"""
0	"I thought the ""roll credits"" part would be a minus sin since they actually did it. I guess it's a sin to say the film title?"
0	did you just cover the Punisher movie without Matt from super best friends disappointment :-(
0	THATS A BLAZER NOT A JEEP YOU FAGGOTS!
0	To be honest, I thought he already did this.
0	Three, there were three punisher movies.
0	deadpool movie
0	"""buenos dias"" does not translate to ""good day"", buenos dias means good morning"
0	this film was not that bad too be fair I must just be a fan boy! Coz come on the punisher is one bad ass character
0	holy crap! lol this is one of my favorite movies. this will be fun :)
0	"TIMESTAMP ""This classified file on Frank Castle shows at least four previous contries of residence"" - Cinema Sins thinks Florida and New York are in two different countries sin counter USERNAME ""ding"""
0	marvel/ disney have people saying how great their movies are until you ask people who are in their 20's and 30's who watched the movies from 10-15 years ago that people dont like, such as punisher, blade 3, daredevil punisher war zone etc but then shit on sony and fox when they made bad movies because marvel have fixed their mistakes marvel still have more movies than fox and sony that people dont like
0	"I was sold on this video, by the ""Fast & The Punisherious."" Line."
0	I'm a glass glazier, you can't cut glass like frank did in the bank seen, it would shatter if he was to cut it slightly in the middle like that, I know because I tried, that's one extra sin.
0	TIMESTAMP Mad Max?
0	After watching this i want to watch this movie angain
0	Buenos Aries REPRESENT! From Buenos Aires and Born April 2 (Aries)
0	Robocop 3 needs to be sinned unmercifully.
0	Tampa
0	This movie was terrible
0	I actually really like this movie. Its not a good movie but I really enjoy it.
0	Just a reminder- this was the GOOD punisher movie - War Zone is so much worse and the Dolph Lungren thing doesn't even have the skull.
0	So... Florida and New York are different countries CinemaSins?
0	I liked Ray Stevenson Better
0	do Deadpool
0	So fuckin excited
0	I asked for him to do Schindler's list, but I guess he's pussy!!
0	USERNAME Oskar Schindler, personally, is MY favorite Marvel superhero.
0	the soundbit from TDK was enough reason for me to watch that movie again.
0	I don't get why this movie gets so much hate. I've loved it ever since it came out. It actually has a heart and soul, and lets not forget, actual good acting. Tom Jane was awesome as Frank Castle, I always feel really bad for him when I watch the movie. I think this is one of the better Marvel Movies, at least you can tell they really cared about the character. The music was a bit overdramatic though.
0	I don't care what anyone says, I still love this movie.
0	The blade of the switchblade shot out of the handle, but it must've had more knives in its magazine, bcuz they cut back to Frank after he shot that Johnny Cash lookin dude and there was ANOTHER blade in the handle! Where does one get a gnife like that?!
0	"just to point something out.the popcicle torture scene is actually an homage to the comics. he's done that many times in the comics to extract information out of people who are essencially weak links in most organizations. pretty much the exact same as he did in the movie.once he shows to them he used a popcicle he stuffs it in their mouth just like the movie and says to them ""enjoy"" before he ditches them in the room while they're hanging there"
0	Add a sin cause that's not a jeep..
0	You forgot to mention the part where the kid shows Frank the skull T shirt and says that the guy that sold it to him said the shirt was cursed or something around those lines and the kid bought it.
0	"I kinda wanna see sins on the movie ""the Truman show"""
0	Bonnie and Clyde should be next on the list!!!
0	Do Serenity! I KNOW YOU'RE AWARE OF FIREFLY!!!
0	USERNAME I do want to see them do Serenity....but at the same time I'm worried fellow Browncoats may get upset....eh, bugger it, give us some gorram 'Serenity' Cinema Sins!!!
0	USERNAME MacPhee I rewatched it last night, for like the 13th time. and there are a couple things that i caught myself dinging. i hate myself for that. Love that movie
0	USERNAME Don't hate yourself, bud. I love sinning my favorite movies and I have no shame in nitpicking. Also, CinemaSins, you should do Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, and Shawshank Redemption.
0	USERNAME What makes you say he's aware of Firefly? Was it mentioned in a video recently or something?
0	"USERNAME Overlord In EWW Independence Day, there's a focused shot on Adam Baldwin's character, at which point he plays the ""Hero of Canton"" song. Also in EWW Guardians of the Galaxy in one of the outtakes, the scene where the Guardians are coming up with their ""plan"" is covered with dialogue from Serenity: Mal: ""You wanna run this ship?"" Jayne: ""Yes!"" Mal: ""Well... You cant."""
0	USERNAME Overlord Plus just being a YouTube Film Critic/Asshole means he has seen a lot of movies and possibly a lot of TV also.
0	Oh cool. I guess I missed it. Thanks
0	Everything Wrong With: Wreck-It Ralph Ender's Game Riddick
0	War zone next then I guess
0	Do Cloud Atlas already man !
0	"163 - Frank Castle barely uses the skull t-shirt in the movie 164 - They finish with teaser for a ""sequel"" 183 - That giant fire skull is impossible to do in that circunstances - only Batman could do that with magic"
0	There were actually 3 Punisher movies...
0	TIMESTAMP I guess you could call Howard, The PUNisher YEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHok I'll leave
0	i actually liked this movie.
0	WRECK IT RALPH PLS
0	everything wrong with deadpool
0	This is my favorite Marvel movie. I don't know what that says about Marvel movies....
0	that's one of the biggest rules of the internet: noone remembers the bad marvel movies, or the good DC movies.
0	I didn't even know there was a punisher movie
0	SPACKER DAVE.
0	Anyone else think that Dave looks just like wade from GTA 5?
0	your last 3 vids had impeccable timing.. i get my food and u have a video up :D
0	This movie fucking sucked, had totally erased its existance from my brain until I got the this video popping up in my sub feed.
0	"Do the Forbidden Kingdom. It's full of so many sins. Including a couple of ""That's racist"" and a ""Roll credits""."
0	You didn't sin the exploding cars forming the punisher-logo??? This is outrageous XD
0	RIP John Pinette
0	I thought this movie was ok, sure I like Daredevil's Frank better but I still enjoy this one.
0	As an actual person that lives in Buenos ARIES, I feel offended.
0	Jeremy will rape BvS :)
0	dont forget to mention those mac11's have like a 50 yard range, at best. so they'd never his a jeep that's a half mile away lol.
0	I call bulshit on last sin) They really rolled credits!
0	I actually enjoyed this film. For me Jane will always be Th Punisher regardless of who came before and after him (especially that Jarhead they have playing him in Daredevil).
0	HOW DARE YOU, THOMAS JANE IS A NATIONAL TREASURE
0	You missed the sin about having the time and mastering the pyrotechnics to design a Punisher logo in the burning cars of a parking lot.
0	Dammit, Jim Carrey. You need to be relevant again so Jeremy has an excuse to do a video on The Mask.
0	Laura Herring. Remove 50 sins.
0	it wasnt that bad aha, i just cant wait for the Netflix Punisher with Jon Bernthal, he played the Punisher so good in Deardevil
0	I think when you know the Punisher is a highly accomplished Marine it takes away some of the sins
0	sigh Fat people aren't a different race, so it's not racist. It's discrimination and fat shaming, but not racism.
0	I wasn't a huge fan of this movie when I first saw it. I especially hated Punisher: War Zone. I'm just glad they did the Punisher right in Daredevil season 2.
0	There is nothing wrong with The Punisher, he is too hype to have flaws.
0	Do Disney Beauty and the Beast there are so many errors in that film
0	Can you do Spy Kids 1 through 3 ?
0	"Cinema Sins refers to an obvious bottle of Wild Turkey 101 as ""a bottle of whiskey or rum or whatever."" ding"
0	up
0	Cmon CinemaSins TIMESTAMP we have someone shooting to a Propane tank to kill the bad guy and you don't make a joke about Jaws cmon you have Roy Scheider in the movie man. DING!
0	USERNAME Decay It's a Propane Tank.
0	why is telling the audience the location of the city a sin because not everyone lives in America and knows the geography
0	Everything Wrong With Dope
0	Everything Wrong With Knight's Tale
0	That movie sucked balls. Dolph Lundgren version was better.
0	Good thing we've got Daredevil Season 2 (Punisher Season 1) on Netflix
0	One batch Two batch
0	seriously what is people's problem with this movie?
0	you also missed that it made a smiley face with the pellets at TIMESTAMP
0	On Stranger Tides and Catwoman
0	Verything wrong with 'the walking dead', or do series not count as cinema?
0	I hate to be that guy, CinemaSins, but there have been THREE Punisher films in theaters. This one, it's sequel, and one from 1989 starring Dolph Lundgren as Frank Castle. :)
0	Do Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice
0	I liked this movie 😿
0	Everything wrong with 21 Jump Street
0	I actually liked this movie
0	Now do the SUPER shitty Punisher.
0	Do Kindergarten Cop with Arnold Schwarzenegger!
0	you should have said Russian waldo does not wait to be found, Russian walks finds you.
0	lies this was a great movie.
0	So this is what happens when CinemaSins finishes a tv show.
0	Surprised no jokes about Mystique from X-Men suspiciously infiltrating the apartment.
0	Should have taken a sin off for Roll Credits.
0	Might as well do Punisher War Zone.
0	Everything wrong with Wreck-It-Ralph
0	I really did enjoy this movie. They needed to explain the assassins a little better, and Travolta was a terrible villain who goes out like a bitch, but the core movie had a lot of promise.
0	Look at TIMESTAMP and TIMESTAMP LOL you can see the thing they used to flip the car
0	ist 16 mins
0	What's a tampa?
0	"""I hate the Saints, all of them"" - Mickey must be a Falcons fan, best sin in the video. Clearly I am unbiased here lol."
0	I actually love this movie Thomas Jane was a deadly punisher aswell
0	Nothing is wrong with punisher !! Lol ! Awesome movie !
0	Its hard to compare this movie to how well the actor who played The Punisher in Daredevil.
0	No sin for the skull-like fire pattern from the explosions at the end?? Also you should've removed a sin or two for the popsicle torture, that was fucking amazing!!
0	Wait, was that Kevin Nash playing the giant Russian?
0	man thomas jane punisher seems soft compared to berenthal
0	"i'd like to point out another sin..... in the movie he says that each of the mines that blow up a car is 8lbs ""not much."" Lets say one for for the champagne, one for the booby trapped door, one for the other brother and however many for the cars..... thats well over 150lbs how the shit is he carrying that much weight on his magic utility belt along with a bow and multiple guns?"
0	Difference between lucky and blessed: only one of the two is a secular assessment.
0	There is nothing wrong with this film....good day sir....I SAID GOOD DAY!!!!
0	I would really love to know what is your problem with Tampa.
0	TIMESTAMP it's actually done to hear any breathing from the nose/mouth, and placing your head like that allows you to see the chest expansion. So it's not supposed to be a sin. Though it looks like that he closes his eyes lol.
0	Sin 10: he was checking for breathing. Actually the proper way to do it.
0	Now do Darkman.
0	Does anyone else think that Quentin should of experienced a shit ton of pain(instead of just a stabbing) for what he did to Dave by Frank/The Punisher?
0	I don't remember this movie being this bad....
0	How was all the cars blowing up turning into the Punisher skull at the end not a sin?
0	The Punisher 2004 was actually pretty good
0	What about the other Punisher film? They're both shit.
0	You'd think they'd take a point of for actually rolling the credits
0	A potato flew around the room
0	SIN THE PRESTIGE!!!!!
0	This movie is perfect Ding!
0	also do everything wrong with the Alvin and the Chipmunks movies plz.
0	Never thought I'd say this but I'm preeeetty sure you missed some. Like at the end where all the exploding cars form his skull symbol.
0	beautiful
0	The bottle in the sin about Frank The Tank Castle is a clearly labeled bottle of Wild Turkey, which is sinnable for blatant product placement more than anything. Also, as someone who loves and has consumed more bourbon than I care to admit, I can tell that was the 101 proof variety just by label color. Combine that strong a liquor in that short a time with heavy blood loss, and Frank should be super dead!
0	I saw this in theaters. loved it and still do
0	In Soviet Russia...Waldo finds you
0	Actually there was three punisher films if you count the Direct to Video movie from the late 80s with Dolph Lungred.
0	Reminder, Jeremy's favourite movie is The Matrix. Ding.
0	The Matrix is a good movie. The sequels were bad.
0	USERNAME Brock The Matrix is terrible. The most pretentious and full of itself movie I've ever seen.
0	USERNAME X Then you haven't seen the Twilight Films, or anything in the Lord of the Rings series. Or Harry Potter. The Matrix actually did something for the film industry, despite of its flaws.
0	USERNAME X *feels
0	waiting on a good punisher reboot
0	Everything Wrong with the Amazing Spiderman 2.
0	Screen Junkies already did it. They did a little switch up with CinemaSins in which Screen Junkies sinned the movie and CinemaSins did an Honest Trailer for it.
0	USERNAME doesn't matter he needs to actually sin the movie by himself.
0	Say what you will about the plot, but Thomas Jane made a damn good Punisher. Action wasn't half bad either.
0	Punisher: War Zone next please.
0	That moment when the guy sinning the film doesn't know you use can use two fingers to feel a pulse, and use your cheek to feel if they're breathing, and that they're common occurrences. *Ding!*
0	Do sins for IFrankenstein!
0	This is a fun film, shame fans can't get their head out their asses to enjoy it.
0	Really?! A sin for knowing how to weld? Are you kidding?
0	"This movie isn't terrible but it isn't great either, probably a solid 6.5. The movie needed to push for a hard R-rating because the movie BARELY qualifies as an R, I think there's like 1 boob shot from an establishing shot in the club. And yeah it is boring and Frank needed to be more brutal because was a bit too nice in the movie which is a huge shame because I really liked the main actor for Castle Frank and apparently he was disappointed in the final product as well. Check out ""Dirty Laundry"" it has the same actor with Ron Pearlmen and its brutal as fuck"
0	I'm a huge MAX Punisher fan and this movie was very hard to watch
0	Do Paranormal Activity The Marked Ones and The Ghost Dimension next Week!
0	is it wrong I actually loved this movie?
0	Also Cinemasins please do Aliens Vs. Predator 2!
0	I loved this movie when I first saw it which is why I had a bit of a hard time accepting Jon as the new Punisher since I associate it with Thomas Jane. So, now I like both :)
0	he was scared & froze, that's why he just stood there staring.
0	please dooo a everything wrong with deadpool! !!
0	TIMESTAMP salad bowl super powers, duh!
0	"I'm surprised he didn't say anything about the fire hydrant that he got in the scene where he sets up his wife. When I first saw that I was like: ""WHERE IN THE F*CK DID HE GET THAT?!"" and ""NO ONE SEES HIM DO THIS?!"""
0	122: In soviet Russia, Waldo finds you.*
0	OK to be fair this Punisher movie was the best one compaired to the 1989 one an Punisher War Zone
0	Poor Tom Jane. All the man wants is to get his kids back.
0	Uh...shouldn't that last sin be retracted?
0	USERNAME Doesn'T really matter
0	"he said ""excellent"" because it was finally over ;)"
0	"USERNAME It was still a ""roll credits"" so, no."
0	USERNAME Not really but you think after sinning people for saying the title and the credits never appeared after, you think he'll remove a sin like he did when the Monsters inc had less than 5 seconds of logos.
0	USERNAME Not for this shit movie.
0	Can't believe you didn't have a sin for the bathroom grenade.
0	"How about doing ""Free Willy?"""
0	Please do Con-Air!!!!!
0	TIMESTAMP Looney Tunes?
0	Hey man I really like this movie. It's not good I admit, but I love it
0	TIMESTAMP R.I.P John Pinette :'(
0	Love the Simpsons joke in the outtakes.
0	the wires under the trunk at the end are for trailer lights.
0	yay, an actual CINEMA sin video!!
0	PUNisher ?
0	I'm 95% sure that he is going to do Punished War Zone next week, but just in case...please do Punished War Zone.
0	And what was wrong with Big Trouble?
0	So Deadpool is pretty much The Punisher but better
0	you guys are sinning one of my favorite movies of all time. hell no
0	Everything wrong with deadpool!
0	"TIMESTAMP That was the perfect moment to say ""in Soviet Russia Waldo finds you"""
0	USERNAME WELL PLAYED.
0	The taking of the dead guys pulse is actually correct because you should check pulse and breathing at the same time and that`s how you do it.. Did you never have a first aid course or something?
0	I hate the Saints too and I'm not a fan of any of the NFC south teams.
0	"""Roll Credi-- they are actually rolling credits. Excellent."" sins them anyways"
0	Lol I loved that bit
0	"""Conscious and sense of humor is against what his comic book version is."" I thought the books didn't matter?"
0	DO PUNISHER:WARZONE NEXT
0	Thank God for Daredevil season 2.
0	Did they meant the city Buenos Aires?
0	I forgot that Angel and Mystique shared an apt complex with the punisher
0	you didn't sin the dreadful waste of the brilliance that is Roy Scheider
0	Thanks God for the Daredevil TV Show.
0	Can't wait for the Punisher netflix series :3
0	The fade-to-black sin in this makes me wonder how come Mad Max: Fury Road didn't get a sin for the TONS of fade-to-black in that movie
0	probably the best movie in the MCU
0	Do eww lego movie!
0	TIMESTAMP why does the sim counter go from 97 to 107 for only one sin?
0	In Soviet Russia, Waldo find you!
0	This movie was more funny even though it didn't try to be; especially the part where john travolta threw that chick off that bridge.
0	eww The Social Network!!
0	Even though you were sinning this video, and I've never seen the movie, it looks like a pretty good movie
0	Great I'm stuck in the sentencing part's area. Eh so what.
0	what about next week???
0	TIMESTAMP like mormons
0	10 sins for parking in handicap spot
0	The only thing wrong with The Punisher is that it didnt get a sequal
0	Wrong it got two sequels and they were horrible
0	Let me clarify. It didnt get a sequal with Thomas Jane reprising his role
0	USERNAME Navarro Every Punisher film is a standalone. The 1989 film, the 2004 film and War Zone all have different continuity. The only Punisher that is even remotely a sequel is the Dirty Laundry short that Thomas Jane did a few years back.
0	WE NEED CINEMA TREATS!!
0	you guys never finished doing the rest of the Scream movies ... can we get the rest ?
0	Just a side note......There have been convictions of murder without a body
0	One of these three movies I think needs to be sinned: A) Space Jam B) Wreck-It Ralph C) Foodfight!!
0	FOODFIGHT??!!! Do you want Jeremy to die?
0	USERNAME X Maybe...I mean, Jontron and Nostalgia Critic died reviewing that movie, so...I guess it's time to go full-circle with CinemaSins on that movie. Though I could imagine it being in two parts due to it being so sinful.
0	USERNAME Orichalcos Sorcerer Doug almost killed himself. Jeremy has to watch a movie several times for a video. I'm pretty sure he would die.
0	Eww forest gumb why not right
0	do captain america civil war, that would be cool :)
0	also can you guys do Shrek and Shrek 2 ? the other ones are sins just for being made
0	To be fair, Travolta is part of a real-life criminal syndicate with a major operation in Florida. Clearwater rather than Tampa, though.
0	If a Punisher movie isn't one big snuff film, then whats the point?
0	Who is still watching this in 2029?
0	The OST in the beginning of the movie was my favorite music piece
0	Is the black guy who is John Travolta's assistant the sidekick from Walker, Texas Ranger?
0	Oppa Gangland-Style.
0	One batch..Two batch..penny and dime 🔫🔫
0	TIMESTAMP do you know how shotguns work?
0	To be fair, the quickdraw thing is because he was a soldier in everything maybe. Like the butterfly knife.
0	Technically there were three Punisher movies. Unless you're denying that the Dolph Lundgren film ever happened.
0	USERNAME DeWinter Also, I fully admit this is a sub par film, possibly even a bad one, but I still enjoy it for some reason. Maybe just because I think Thomas Jane is a good choice for the role and I want to believe this just needed better writing. And a budget.
0	USERNAME DeWinter i do as well. i remember loving it at the time. maybe because we didnt have any other good comic movies yet. but i rewatched it a few weeks ago. and man...... was it worse than i remembered.
0	While I liked Jon Bernthal as The Punisher; Thomas Janes did a good job too in this movie as the character.
0	TIMESTAMP not anymore my friend not anymore.
0	This movie was actually half decent. It doesn't hold up to todays movie standards, but compared to what was getting released at the time, this movie was probably one of the best
0	I watched it last night
0	can you do everything wrong with tv shows . like breaking bad dexter and other good shows . idk how you would do this but it would be cool lol
0	Movie was decent enough... Anyone ever see the dirty laundry short?
0	I really want to see you sin Unfriended.
0	Who Else Is Excited For The Punisher TV Show? #NetflixHype
0	I'm early!!! Quick make a copy and paste joke: Don't click to see more ヽ ヽ` ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) _ノ / ＼ | ⌒Ｙ⌒ / / ｜ヽ ｜ ﾉ ／ ＼トー仝ーイ ｜ ミ土彡/ ) \ ° / ( \🌿 / / / ѼΞΞΞΞΞD / / / \ \ \ ( ( ). ) ). ) ( ). ( | | | / \ |
0	USERNAME Our Internet&#39;s Freedom! lolol I'm gonna copy paste that shit
0	USERNAME Our Internet&#39;s Freedom! hahahah wtf! Actually haven't seen that one before
0	"I like this film in that ""Its so shit that it isnt shit"" kind of way. Which is odd since the next punisher film was even worse and I cant stand it."
0	"Also thats not a ""German"" accent is it, thought it was supposed to be South African sounding."
0	I remember watching this movie when i was like 8... To me it was epic
0	Pls do eww merried with children
0	"Welcome to the below 3000 views club. Im so bad i walked on grass with the sign ""No walking"" Can you beat that?"
0	I run with scissors and chew gum while giving speeches in class 0_0
0	I went on Disney's website without my parents permission. or any milk
0	I made a webkinz acc without my parents permission And I drank all the orange juice......straight from the bottle 0_0
0	"I turned off my gameboy at the ""Please don't turn off your system"" screen during saving."
0	USERNAME Spyngas OMG !!!
0	"When Itunes tells me to update the program I click ""ignore""."
0	I don't read the terms and conditions.
0	Sin number 10. That is actually how you check someone's pulse if they are unconscious.
0	9 minutes ago this was made... idk if I should care or not xD
0	I hate you. (not really)
0	I really liked this movie.
0	CHEESE!
0	You guys have just been marathoning Daredevil Season 2, haven't you?
0	Third!
0	AUSTIN POWERS PLEASE :D LOVE YA GUYS <3
0	Do Bruce Almighty
0	Fuck it, i love it. It was underrated
0	1- Not Jon Bernthal
0	Do The Transformers (1986), please!
0	Never heard of that movie. Like, never.
0	Add a public comment...
0	aye whats wrong wit Tampa i party hard in dat area
0	Notie squad!
0	I consider this movie a guilty pleasure. Freaking Kevin Nash man!
0	One of my favorite comedians acted in this movie
0	anyone wanna make out behind the gymnasium later?
0	Well someone's been marathoning Netflix's Daredevil this week.
0	PE/\KE
0	shit there was a punisher movie! man i should of left the my basement earlier!
0	82nd
0	Hey guys! :)
0	Hey youtube users help me decide on something. Should I try and make YouTube gaming my career or just fucking kill myself already? Whichever decision has the most support will be chosen
0	you should put on a #niceshirt
0	Do gaming and afterwards look at how badly you've fucked up
0	USERNAME Davidson The 50th Do a flip!!
0	USERNAME Torres kys
0	USERNAME Torres Thats a hell of a lot of choices man, hard choices. I already had an opportunity to chose this, and i ended up killing myself, twice. So good luck.
0	USERNAME Davidson The 50th Kill yourself
0	Think about life.
0	The best Punisher film so far. Much better than the crap currently on Netflix.
0	How dare you?
0	True.
0	Gr8 b8 m8 I r8 it 8/8 Don't h8 m8
0	yes sir how dare you.
0	Hahahahahahahahaha
0	Stfu! You know nothing. Daredevil tv show is better than this movie by far
0	USERNAME Wakanda Jon snow..
0	USERNAME Franklin Daredevil's Punisher is a better interpretation of the character and has better production value.
0	USERNAME Ibáñez Yo, u mean MCU Punisher, better than Thomas Jane and Ray Stevenson (Volstagg)
0	USERNAME than Thomas Jane yes, than Ray Stevenson, no.
0	You're trolling right?
0	Everything wrong with Die Hard
0	actually, Aries begins on March 21st
0	before Kevin Feige was Kevin Feige..
0	i actually liked this movie just curious what are peoples problems with it?
0	USERNAME The fact that the story and acting are shit is probably one of the biggest ones most people have. And the way it presents one of Marvel's most extreme characters as a nicey-nice clownish type is also a pretty significant problem.
0	USERNAME De&#39;Souza Well can we get an answer from someone who isn't a pathetic fan boy?
0	USERNAME Lornie I might be pathetic, but I am not a punisher fanboy. I actually like this film and have tried reading the comics but found them kind of shit. Just pointing out that those are the flaws, or some of them anyway, that the film has.
0	You probably liked it at the time because the bar of hero films was set so low. Watching it as I'm older I can easily spot the horrible cringey parts that would never be in the punisher universe. This just was not punisher
0	"USERNAME De&#39;Souza ""as a nicey-nice clownish type"". In this movie he isn't a grizzled veteran of street wars like in the comics. He's only becoming the true Punisher. Also, URL"
0	USERNAME Characters vary over time. I mean Castle has been everything from a clown to a magical zombie (a few different times) in the comics. But people have some idea of what the punisher is supposed to be. I mean look at this versus something like Punisher:Max (or at least I think it was :Max. the one where the cover art looks like Andy from the dawn of the dead remake). This starts with him dressed like an asshole in a terribly acted scene. Max starts with Castle describing his daughter dieing infront of his eyes as her intestines fell out of her stomach. Massive tonal differences. People went into a punisher film expecting what they thought the punisher should be. Personally though, I like the music and Thomas Jane so thats enough for me :D.
0	I'm already guessing not week sins video will be daredevil
0	They already did it
0	Did they this is news to me be right back....
0	Actually, it got taken down and reuploaded on a copycat channel
0	yup just found it. thanx
0	199th like
0	X-Men Apocalypse is coming out soon, but you've already sinned all the X-Men movies. What are you gonna sin then when it comes out? I'm hoping for The Usual Suspects, since Bryan Singer's the director.
0	USERNAME Abramowitz Deadpool
0	I dont think he does proper critically acclaimed films, such as Usual Suspects. Just dumb, comic book, sci fi and fantasy stuff because it typically has loads of stuff to poke fun in it. Something like the Usual Suspects is so good it will only be like a 2 minute video.
0	USERNAME You mean like Die Hard?
0	"They've actually done three Best Picture winners before, only one (American Beauty) of which was more of a ""silly movie"". Usual Suspects would be a good choice. The only drama movies I wouldn't sin are those based on true stories/scenarios, like Saving Private Ryan and 12 Years a Slave, although one of the Best Pictures (Titanic) still fits under that criteria."
0	"USERNAME You think there aren't stuff to make fun of in """"""""""""""""""serious"""""""""""""""""" movies ? You're fooling yourself."
0	USERNAME Claybaugh Deadpool IS a sin! a good sin
0	USERNAME Dias American Beauty is a silly movie? The fuck?
0	USERNAME Dias Mother of fuck, would I watch a Usual Suspects video.
0	USERNAME No movie is without sin.
0	Bvs
0	USERNAME Duignan-Murphy Kevin Spacey lying on his bed smiling gleefully at a blonde goth girl whose privates are conveniently covered (that part was sinned) by rose petals that slowly fall down on him. Yes, this movie should be taken absolutely seriously (there should be SOME seriousness imo, but it's more of an art spectacle than anything; that's why so many people study it).
0	USERNAME Dias I could name any film with a silly scene that doesn't make the film as a collective silly, anyway American Beauty is pure art as you said
0	"USERNAME Dias ""Saving Private Ryan"", the realistic film where the U.S. risked and almost lost an entire squad of soldiers to save a single one; and where the psychopathic Nazi killed conveniently left a guy behind, so that someone could take him out later. It also featured a left-handed sniper using a right-handed bolt-action rifle in a most inconvenient manner. I really don't see what people like about that film. Sure, the D-Day scenes may have been good, but even that dragged for way too long. But to each their preferences, I guess."
0	Did he sin Deadpool yet?
0	USERNAME T oh please Deadpool sins his own movie
0	USERNAME the military doesn't issue left handed weapons, and the army puts people at risks like that all the time.
0	USERNAME Abramowitz There is a X-Men movie from the beginning of the 90s, feels like a spin off 'cause they can't use the characters names, but that would be interesting, most people don't even know that movie exists, I only know about that movie because a channel I used to watch showed that movie one time every year at afternoons and I happened to catch it twice at random.
0	USERNAME Abramowitz Sinned all X-men movies, and all the Batman movies. WTF....!
0	USERNAME Kagami u really cute
0	USERNAME Kagami do you remember what it was called? There was Generation X buy they had the characters names in that
0	300000 sins for casting thomas jade
0	Jack the giant slayer
0	Ryan Reynolds marvel week. Blade Trinity and Deadpool.
0	Remember in 2012, when films had sins in 3 about minutes?
0	still better than War Zone
0	Did you say husband sense tingling because it's a Marvel movie, or was that a coincidence?
0	Younger me loved this movie
0	EWW Zootopia
0	I guy from daredevil who played frank castle was amazing. He should've played in the movie
0	USERNAME Todd Isnt he getting his own show
0	USERNAME Todd Yeah, that guy who was Punisher in a recent TV show totally should've been cast as the Punisher in the movie from ten frikkin' years ago.
0	USERNAME Todd he was unknown 15 years ago lol he was only put in movies after his role in the walking dead
0	USERNAME Todd 10 years later hindsights a bitch
0	USERNAME Blee Yes, he is.
0	1 batch 2 batch nickle and dime
0	"USERNAME Blee It's actually ""Penny and Dime""."
0	Thanks batman
0	I'm assuming Ben Afleck's Daredevil is up next week
0	Already been done just been took down search it and you'll find it on a copycat channel
0	USERNAME do you know why it was taken down?
0	"USERNAME Dog Fox falsely claiming copyright because they didn't like the satirical ""review"" of their movie. Screw you, Fox!"
0	USERNAME Chapman no, i think it was because of a few songs that were at the end of the video.
0	"USERNAME​ When you try to view it it says ""This video contains content from FOX, who has blocked it on copyright grounds."""
0	Daredevil the show realllllly makes all these movies look like shit.
0	USERNAME of Hammer Quite. This is why I only trust Marvel when it comes to Marvel. Fox had some good x-men (and Deadpool) and sony had some good spider-man, but generally Marvel studios does the best.
0	USERNAME you mean Disney studios
0	USERNAME If you think Fox had anything to do with the Deadpool film actually being good, you haven't seen Wolverine Origins. :D
0	USERNAME this is made by marvel lol so was blade 3 yet people hate both of them a lot so what is your point about fox and sony when they have nothing to do with this movie
0	USERNAME marvel disney studios did not make these all marvel properties have that marvel intro this was made by lionsgate and blade was new line cinema
0	USERNAME of Hammer I don t think the show is that great but the Punisher and Fisk are pretty well done.
0	"USERNAME - HAHA ""Fox"" had some ""Good"" Deadpool, no it was Ryan Reynolds, Lauren Shuler Donner, Simon Kinberg and Tim Miller - who made a good Deadpool, if it was still up-to the ass-hat executives at Fox he'd still have his mouth sawed shut. Btw, I'm not being aggressive or anything, just feel like I need to make this clear nowadays, difficult to convey emotion etc over text anyways, everyone reads things differently."
0	USERNAME stan lee and marvel produced the movie much like how disney makes the movies now and marvel produces them but marvel was so poor they sold themselves to disney so all that happened was disney made the movies better but marvel has nothing to do with it they just give money and got lucky with ironman
0	USERNAME You know this movie was made by Marvel, right? granted, it was pre-Iron Man Marvel, but it was still Marvel. Besides, I think this Punisher movie is pretty alright.
0	USERNAME of Hammer I don't think the show did that
0	Daredevil the show wiped the floor with these movies. I can't wait to see punisher in his own tv show.
0	"USERNAME I love how all of you are like ""hurr, Marvel/Fox/Sony made this"" without acknowledging there were actually different creative teams consisted of people behind each of those movies, even if it was under a single brand."
0	USERNAME of Hammer Punisher is getting his own show I hear.
0	USERNAME what are you talking about
0	USERNAME wtf are you talking about iron man was made before disneys purchase also they didnt just give out money and made money back they have their own studio
0	USERNAME of Hammer But that wouldn't have been necessary (regardless of how wonderfully welcome DD TV is), because the DD Theater, Elektra and both Punishers were horrible without any help.
0	USERNAME ironman made 300 million and because of that disney bought marvel entertainment in 2009 when marvel entertainment wasn't doing very well and ever since then marvel entertainment have been making money even though they have only made a handful of good movies imo. Also marvel and stan lee has produced all of the movies that say marvel at the beginning i believe meaning they spent money on movies that werent good with a few exceptions like blade and blade 2 imo and then once they made a successful movie they sold the company and then disney made what we see today
0	USERNAME yes i know but funding a money doesn't mean they are the reason the movie is good or bad
0	you leave Thomas Jane alone. best punisher movie yet
0	Everything Wrong With The Warriors!
0	USERNAME Have some respect.
0	That's everything.
0	Can you digit and no no that movie is flawless
0	everything wrong with the Sharknado series
0	"But... everything is right with The Warriors, it's like the perfect movie. ""Warriors, come out to plaaaaaaaaeeey"""
0	"USERNAME Rodrigues Nah, it has one; ""This movie has an end"" DING"
0	USERNAME Rodrigues No movie is without sin. - CinemaSins
0	USERNAME he won't do sharknado because there meant to not be taken seriously
0	Warriors come out to play.
0	USERNAME Trell I just wanna see all the frustrations on his part xD
0	USERNAME I'm gonna shove that bat up your ass and turn you into a Popsicle
0	USERNAME right lol I wish he did do comedies
0	USERNAME that movie is gold screw off
0	Can you digit can you digit caaaan yoooou DIGIIIIIT
0	USERNAME you tell him
0	USERNAME And Bomber I'm saving money to get the game on xbox, even though it's a prequel to the movie, well it it as the 2nd half
0	USERNAME get it on PC because you can uncensor the game and get to see the interrogations with colour not black and white
0	USERNAME And Bomber sorry I was talking about the punisher video game but yeah go get the Warriors it's a really great game and it's an open world witch you can play co-op split screen as well
0	"I ""like"" but I also say NO! But Warriors is a fucking great film that nobody can dislike so, bring it on! ""Don't call me no whore!""."
0	USERNAME YOUR A WARRIOR
0	USERNAME Probably just need Steph Curry back but they are 2 - 0 in the series maybe he will be back for Game 3......
0	USERNAME And Bomber how is that a insult
0	USERNAME Absolutely nothing
0	WARRIORS!!! COME OUT TO PLAY!!!!!!
0	Well not the original 70's cut, but the god awful 00's directors cut with the stupid comic book enhancing sequence should be sinned. It's like Walter Hill decided it was a good idea to take pages from George Lucas's Star Wars trilogy reedits from the 90's and Ang Lee's bizarre artsy comic book enhancement for the Hulk.
0	USERNAME Delta I'm not insulting anyone
0	"USERNAME And Bomber I said How Is That An Insult because you said "" Your a Worrier"""
0	USERNAME Delta I didn't say it was he said don't call me a whore and I was supporting him by saying he's a warrior so your a warrior subject delta
0	OMG I absolutely hated this movie and it finally gets sinned! Thanks, CinemaSins.
0	DO ALICE IN WONDER LAND!!! Disney's animated and the 2010 version!!!
0	Please don't
0	USERNAME Please do. :D
0	USERNAME Luck Lucas Please do
0	just do it
0	USERNAME Luck Lucas i want ocean's eleven. i asked way more.
0	I loved this movie though!
0	Hey, I'm early! YEAH!
0	when will you do batman v superman?
0	Probably in a few months
0	When Zack Snyder is fired
0	Sometime after it's released for retail sales
0	USERNAME Martinez I don't know for sure, but I think Jeremy always makes a video about the movies when they're not shown in cinemas anymore, so in the case of Batman V Superman I don't think we have to wait that long :P
0	Out of a cannon, at Michael Bay, Uwe Boll, and M. Night Shyamalan.
0	anyone saw daredevil season 2 and the punisher in it. Holy fuck that guy was meant to play the punisher!
0	NO SPOILERS!
0	USERNAME he is a big loveable guy who gives everyone hugs and ice cream after the death of his family but with a little help from his buddy daredevil he can learn to forgive and love again
0	yes john Bernthal did an excellent job
0	USERNAME NO SPOILERS, please!
0	USERNAME kkk
0	USERNAME Agents of SHIELD is more interesting, also with Jessie Jones, 7 episodes left
0	So, who's excited to see Punisher in the new Captain America: Civil War?
0	He's not going to be there
0	Punisher is not there.
0	Why do you think Punisher is in Civil War lol
0	USERNAME x Maybe he confused him with Crossbones...It happen back to a friend of mine that it's definitely not me
0	USERNAME Level God oh... thought it was Punisher in the trailer. I'll have to do more research...
0	*Crossbones
0	Look at that, an EWW with 1012 views...
0	What exactly is an EWW
0	USERNAME Deception Really, ma dude?
0	USERNAME Deception Everything Wrong With
0	USERNAME Deception Everything Wrong With
0	USERNAME Deception Everything Wrong With.... do you even acronym m8?
0	USERNAME Deception everything wrong with
0	USERNAME Deception Everything Wrong With
0	The guy feeling the guy's pulse at TIMESTAMP was looking at the victim's chest to check for movement which is part of basic CPR!
0	This deserves a facepalm (the movie, that is).
0	huehue
0	fourty FIRST!
0	do everything wrong with Power Rangers 1995
0	Last time I came this early Arrow was still good.
0	I actually really like this movie, and the game based on it was awesome as well.
0	Utter Boredom the movie.
0	Can you please do cars 🙌🏽💜😂🖕🏼
0	MAKE CANADA GREAT AGAIN
0	Oh
0	never been so early to a cinema sins video
0	20th
0	Warzone ding
0	Hi im early!
0	cool
0	Man, I got here early. View number 420, hehehehe blz et fgts
0	View #420
0	Last time I was this early, my girl had to do it herself😂
0	yo
0	The only sin here is that Thomas Jane never played the Punisher again in a feature film. Yes, John Bernthal is amazeballs but...THOMAS JANE!!!!
0	USERNAME Agreed. Instead of getting a sequel to this, we got a reboot that, while more accurate to the comics, was actually a worse movie IMHO (and not just for its lack of Thomas Jane).
0	check out The Punisher Dirty Laundry
0	USERNAME didnt he do a 10 minute show of laundry day
0	He did, but it wasn't a feature film or theatrical release, so...
0	USERNAME Sarajev I've seen it. I loved it and showed what Jane could do under the right circumstances, but that's a short. Not a feature.
0	420 view
0	This movie could have been so good...
0	USERNAME rowland It is good.
0	it is one of my all time favorite marvel films
0	I agree it's good but it had the potential to be a lot better
0	While I personally like this movie, it is still a movie that does as much wrong as it does good. From what I have heard and read, a lot of the problems stemmed from budgeting issues
0	USERNAME rowland it was better than the second one they came out with.. however the netflix series will put them all to shame!
0	it wasnt too bad considering the 1st punisher Dolph Lundgren did. THAT is what he should have sinned. It would have been to long though.
0	USERNAME I expected as much with all the lack of blood.
0	I just saw this movie for the first time then I check my g male and............
0	they need to sin pootie tang
0	USERNAME rowland It actually is good. Yeah it's pretty sanitized, but after decades of increasingly gory action movies this always feels like a nod back to a time when Universal Soldier was shocking for the combine harvester scene. Anyway I genuinely enjoy this every time I sit down to watch it unlike Ironman 3, where I just feel screwed over every time I see it.
0	USERNAME rowland The netflix series will make up for that
0	Imagine if they remade the Punisher and has Quentin Tarantino Direct it
0	USERNAME rowland to be gory and follow the same story as the comics
0	...and it was. It is cartoony but so fun. Hard to not enjoy it
0	USERNAME Tony the second is so much better imo. its more vilent and over the top, what i imagine punisher to be not this morally corret guy that just wanted revenge.
0	USERNAME rowland It is good
0	USERNAME Harper What you watch Ironman 3 after seeing once...lol...
0	USERNAME Tony Are they bringing out a series or you talking about the Punisher being in Dare Devil...???
0	concur
0	USERNAME mack They are making a series. URL
0	it is good
0	USERNAME Alejos It was his origin story. Obviously he was going to go after the criminal who killed his family in the origin story. How are his morals in this movie different from elsewhere? The Punisher tricks the villain into killing both his own wife and best friend.
0	USERNAME Land YES, thanks dude, Netflix has done a great job with DD and JJ, lets hope the trend carries on.... :):):)
0	USERNAME mack Yeah, Im sure they'll nail it.
0	USERNAME mack im jj
0	"USERNAME mack Not by choice. I actually walked out of the cinema at the ""Mandarin"" reveal. Unfortunately I have nephews and nieces and they all like all of those movies. sigh I just fix it all by watching Rocket being badass."
0	"Sadly ""Man on Fire"", which came out the same year, felt more like a Punisher movie than this movie. Denzel Washington torturing, cutting that cartel's finger off and burning him alive in the car was far more badass than Thomas Jane intimidating that fat guy with a popsicle."
0	I liked it. Got lot of the references from welcome back, Frank and I wish cinema sins called him anti-hero instead of vigilante.
0	And then there's the short 10 minute YouTube movie of dirty laundry.
0	USERNAME I liked man on fire, but i was on about DD season 2 Punisher and not the films, even though i liked the films as well.... :):):)
0	"USERNAME rowland This could've been ""The Crow"" of today's generation!"
0	USERNAME if you wnat blood watch punisher: war zone, i have never seen a superhero film with as much blood and gore
0	USERNAME Raven The first 2 Blade films were pretty damn bloody.
0	Still arguably better than Warzone. Not that this makes it great, just watchable.
0	USERNAME rowland No it couldn't have. Probably why they didn't even try.
0	USERNAME Pack No it couldn't have.
0	USERNAME Attrell It would be even worse. Tarantino has zero talent and can only copy what he's seen other people do.
0	USERNAME Kys
0	USERNAME tarantino is like the only director that does shooters right
0	USERNAME They only had around 30 million to work with, considering other films that had more, but were worse, this movie was amazing compared to others in my opinion.
0	USERNAME Khan the budget isn't always the key to it. Deadpool was done with only about 40 million but managed to tell a good story, be funny and the most important thing...make more money.But the budget is never the only thing that kills a movie. The script is usually the root cause of a bad movie.
0	USERNAME rowland if m night shyamalan did it
0	USERNAME Twelve M. Night Shyamalan is beyond overrated.
0	I loved this movie
0	"Fuck all of you ""First"" bastards"
0	second
0	Um...anyone have any ideas on a movie to sin? I'm out.
0	this is the first comment not saying first or second... DAMN IT!
0	also can u sin oceans eleven?
0	15th
0	10 thumbs up within 60 seconds of the upload.
0	Please do eww Scott Pilgrim vs the World
0	1st sin : it's not Jon Bernthal in it.
0	Wupwupwup
0	i have no life man i was fucking 10th comment
0	Oh boy here comes the first comments!
0	and
0	here
0	USERNAME they
0	USERNAME we go!
0	no
0	1 lick = 1 NOOT SCROOL IF U HAV NO SOOL
0	6th
0	I'm not here first hell yeah!
0	OMG I AM FIRST
0	First! aha
0	USERNAME 5th Viewer nope
0	USERNAME damnit the others didn't load
0	rip
0	first? plz don't hurt me
0	USERNAME Anderson ?
0	USERNAME Anderson mr anderson...
0	Second
0	your first congratulations second
0	first! xD
0	First
0	Ladies and gentlemen, we have a winner!
